0 : 
1 : The target is physically pounded with a long tail, a foreleg, or the like.
2 : The target is attacked with a sharp chop. Critical hits land more easily.
3 : The target is slapped repeatedly, back and forth, two to five times in a row.
4 : The target is hit with a flurry of punches that strike two to five times in a row.
5 : The target is slugged by a punch thrown with muscle-packed power.
6 : Numerous coins are hurled at the target to inflict damage. Money is earned after the battle.
7 : The target is punched with a fiery fist. This may also leave the target with a burn.
8 : The target is punched with an icy fist. This may also leave the target frozen.
9 : The target is punched with an electrified fist. This may also leave the target with paralysis.
10 : Hard, pointed, sharp claws rake the target to inflict damage.
11 : The target is gripped and squeezed from both sides to inflict damage.
12 : A vicious, tearing attack with big pincers. The target faints instantly if this attack hits.
13 : In this two-turn attack, blades of wind hit opposing Pokémon on the second turn. Critical hits land more easily.
14 : A frenetic dance to uplift the fighting spirit. This sharply raises the user’s Attack stat.
15 : The target is cut with a scythe or claw.
16 : A gust of wind is whipped up by wings and launched at the target to inflict damage.
17 : The target is struck with large, imposing wings spread wide to inflict damage.
18 : The target is blown away, and a different Pokémon is dragged out. In the wild, this ends a battle against a single Pokémon.
19 : The user soars and then strikes its target on the next turn.
20 : Things such as long bodies or tentacles are used to bind and squeeze the target for four to five turns.
21 : The target is slammed with a long tail, vines, or the like to inflict damage.
22 : The target is struck with slender, whiplike vines to inflict damage.
23 : The target is stomped with a big foot. This may also make the target flinch.
24 : The target is quickly kicked twice in succession using both feet.
25 : The target is attacked by a kick launched with muscle-packed power.
26 : The user jumps up high, then strikes with a kick. If the kick misses, the user hurts itself.
27 : The user lashes out with a quick, spinning kick. This may also make the target flinch.
28 : Sand is hurled in the target’s face, reducing the target’s accuracy.
29 : The user sticks out its head and attacks by charging straight into the target. This may also make the target flinch.
30 : The target is jabbed with a sharply pointed horn to inflict damage.
31 : The target is jabbed repeatedly with a horn or beak two to five times in a row.
32 : The user stabs the target with a horn that rotates like a drill. The target faints instantly if this attack hits.
33 : A physical attack in which the user charges and slams into the target with its whole body.
34 : The user drops onto the target with its full body weight. This may also leave the target with paralysis.
35 : A long body, vines, or the like are used to wrap and  squeeze the target for four to five turns.
36 : A reckless, full-body charge attack for slamming into the target. This also damages the user a little.
37 : The user rampages and attacks for two to three turns. The user then becomes confused.
38 : A reckless, life-risking tackle. This also damages the user quite a lot.
39 : The user wags its tail cutely, making opposing Pokémon less wary and lowering their Defense stat.
40 : The user stabs the target with a poisonous stinger. This may also poison the target.
41 : The user damages the target twice in succession by jabbing it with two spikes. This may also poison the target.
42 : Sharp spikes are shot at the target in rapid succession. They hit two to five times in a row.
43 : The user gives opposing Pokémon an intimidating leer that lowers the Defense stat.
44 : The target is bitten with viciously sharp fangs. This may also make the target flinch.
45 : The user growls in an endearing way, making opposing Pokémon less wary. This lowers their Attack stat.
46 : The target is scared off, and a different Pokémon is dragged out. In the wild, this ends a battle against a single Pokémon.
47 : A soothing lullaby is sung in a calming voice that puts the target into a deep slumber.
48 : The user generates odd sound waves from its body that confuse the target.
49 : The target is hit with a destructive shock wave that always inflicts 20 HP damage.
50 : For four turns, this move prevents the target from using the move it last used.
51 : The opposing Pokémon are attacked with a spray of harsh acid. This may also lower their Sp. Def stat.
52 : The target is attacked with small flames. This may also leave the target with a burn.
53 : The target is scorched with an intense blast of fire. This may also leave the target with a burn.
54 : The user cloaks itself and its allies in a white mist that prevents any of their stats from being lowered for five turns.
55 : The target is blasted with a forceful shot of water.
56 : The target is blasted by a huge volume of water launched under great pressure.
57 : The user attacks everything around it by swamping its surroundings with a giant wave.
58 : The target is struck with an icy-cold beam of energy. This may also leave the target frozen.
59 : A howling blizzard is summoned to strike opposing Pokémon. This may also leave the opposing Pokémon frozen.
60 : The target is attacked with a peculiar ray. This may also leave the target confused.
61 : A spray of bubbles is forcefully ejected at the target. This may also lower its Speed stat.
62 : The target is hit with a rainbow-colored beam. This may also lower the target’s Attack stat.
63 : The target is attacked with a powerful beam. The user can’t move on the next turn.
64 : The target is jabbed with a sharply pointed beak or horn.
65 : A corkscrewing attack with a sharp beak acting as a drill.
66 : The user grabs the target and recklessly dives for the ground. This also damages the user a little.
67 : A powerful low kick that makes the target fall over. The heavier the target, the greater the move’s power.
68 : A retaliation move that counters any physical attack, inflicting double the damage taken.
69 : The target is thrown using the power of gravity. It inflicts damage equal to the user’s level.
70 : The target is slugged with a punch thrown at maximum power.
71 : A nutrient-draining attack. The user’s HP is restored by half the damage taken by the target.
72 : A nutrient-draining attack. The user’s HP is restored by half the damage taken by the target.
73 : A seed is planted on the target. It steals some HP from the target every turn.
74 : The user’s body grows all at once, raising the Attack and Sp. Atk stats.
75 : Sharp-edged leaves are launched to slash at the opposing Pokémon. Critical hits land more easily.
76 : In this two-turn attack, the user gathers light, then blasts a bundled beam on the next turn.
77 : The user scatters a cloud of poisonous dust that poisons the target.
78 : The user scatters a cloud of numbing powder that paralyzes the target.
79 : The user scatters a big cloud of sleep-inducing dust around the target.
80 : The user attacks the target by scattering petals for two to three turns. The user then becomes confused.
81 : The opposing Pokémon are bound with silk blown from the user’s mouth that harshly lowers the Speed stat.
82 : This attack hits the target with a shock wave of pure rage. This attack always inflicts 40 HP damage.
83 : The target becomes trapped within a fierce vortex of fire that rages for four to five turns.
84 : A jolt of electricity crashes down on the target to inflict damage. This may also leave the target with paralysis.
85 : A strong electric blast crashes down on the target. This may also leave the target with paralysis.
86 : The user launches a weak jolt of electricity that paralyzes the target.
87 : A wicked thunderbolt is dropped on the target to inflict damage. This may also leave the target with paralysis.
88 : The user picks up and throws a small rock at the target to attack.
89 : The user sets off an earthquake that strikes every Pokémon around it.
90 : The user opens up a fissure in the ground and drops the target in. The target faints instantly if this attack hits.
91 : The user burrows, then attacks on the next turn.
92 : A move that leaves the target badly poisoned. Its poison damage worsens every turn.
93 : The target is hit by a weak telekinetic force. This may also confuse the target.
94 : The target is hit by a strong telekinetic force. This may also lower the target’s Sp. Def stat.
95 : The user employs hypnotic suggestion to make the target fall into a deep sleep.
96 : The user meditates to awaken the power deep within its body and raise its Attack stat.
97 : The user relaxes and lightens its body to move faster. This sharply raises the Speed stat.
98 : The user lunges at the target at a speed that makes it almost invisible. This move always goes first.
99 : As long as this move is in use, the power of rage raises the Attack stat each time the user is hit in battle.
100 : Use it to flee from any wild Pokémon.
101 : The user makes the target see a frightening mirage. It inflicts damage equal to the user’s level.
102 : The user copies the target’s last move. The move can be used during battle until the Pokémon is switched out.
103 : An earsplitting screech harshly lowers the target’s Defense stat.
104 : By moving rapidly, the user makes illusory copies of itself to raise its evasiveness.
105 : Restoring its own cells, the user restores its own HP by half of its max HP.
106 : The user stiffens all the muscles in its body to raise its Defense stat.
107 : The user compresses its body to make itself look smaller, which sharply raises its evasiveness.
108 : The user releases an obscuring cloud of smoke or ink. This lowers the target’s accuracy.
109 : The target is exposed to a sinister ray that triggers confusion.
110 : The user withdraws its body into its hard shell, raising its Defense stat.
111 : The user curls up to conceal weak spots and raise its Defense stat.
112 : The user throws up a sturdy wall that sharply raises its Defense stat.
113 : A wondrous wall of light is put up to reduce damage from special attacks for five turns.
114 : The user creates a haze that eliminates every stat change among all the Pokémon engaged in battle.
115 : A wondrous wall of light is put up to reduce damage from physical attacks for five turns.
116 : The user takes a deep breath and focuses so that critical hits land more easily.
117 : The user endures attacks for two turns, then strikes back to cause double the damage taken.
118 : The user waggles a finger and stimulates its brain into randomly using nearly any move.
119 : The user counters the target by mimicking the target’s last move.
120 : The user attacks everything around it by causing an explosion. The user faints upon using this move.
121 : A large egg is hurled at the target with maximum force to inflict damage.
122 : The target is licked with a long tongue, causing damage. This may also leave the target with paralysis.
123 : The target is attacked with a discharge of filthy gases. This may also poison the target.
124 : Unsanitary sludge is hurled at the target. This may also poison the target.
125 : The user clubs the target with a bone. This may also make the target flinch.
126 : The target is attacked with an intense blast of all-consuming fire. This may also leave the target with a burn.
127 : The user charges at the target and may make it flinch.
128 : The target is clamped and squeezed by the user’s very thick and sturdy shell for four to five turns.
129 : Star-shaped rays are shot at the opposing Pokémon. This attack never misses.
130 : The user tucks in its head to raise its Defense stat on the first turn, then rams the target on the next turn.
131 : Sharp spikes are shot at the target in rapid succession. They hit two to five times in a row.
132 : The target is attacked with long, creeping tentacles, vines, or the like. This may also lower the target’s  Speed stat.
133 : The user temporarily empties its mind to forget its concerns. This sharply raises the user’s Sp. Def stat.
134 : The user distracts the target by bending a spoon. This lowers the target’s accuracy.
135 : The user restores its own HP by up to half of its max HP.
136 : The target is attacked with a knee kick from a jump. If it misses, the user is hurt instead.
137 : The user intimidates the target with the pattern on its belly to cause paralysis.
138 : The user eats the dreams of a sleeping target. It absorbs half the damage caused to heal its own HP.
139 : A cloud of poison gas is sprayed in the face of opposing Pokémon, poisoning those hit.
140 : Round objects are hurled at the target to strike two to five times in a row.
141 : The user drains the target’s blood. The user’s HP is restored by half the damage taken by the target.
142 : With a scary face, the user tries to force a kiss on the target. If it succeeds, the target falls asleep.
143 : A second-turn attack move where critical hits land more easily. This may also make the target flinch.
144 : The user transforms into a copy of the target right down to having the same move set.
145 : A spray of countless bubbles is jetted at the opposing Pokémon. This may also lower their Speed stat.
146 : The target is hit with rhythmically launched punches. This may also leave the target confused.
147 : The user scatters bursts of spores that induce sleep.
148 : The user flashes a bright light that cuts the target’s accuracy.
149 : The target is attacked with an odd psychic wave. The attack varies in intensity.
150 : The user just flops and splashes around to no effect at all...
151 : The user alters its cellular structure to liquefy itself, sharply raising its Defense stat.
152 : The target is hammered with a large pincer. Critical hits land more easily.
153 : The user attacks everything around it by causing a tremendous explosion. The user faints upon using this move.
154 : The target is raked with sharp claws or scythes quickly two to five times in a row.
155 : The user throws the bone it holds. The bone loops around to hit the target twice—coming and going.
156 : The user goes to sleep for two turns. This fully restores the user’s HP and heals any status conditions.
157 : Large boulders are hurled at the opposing Pokémon to inflict damage. This may also make the opposing Pokémon flinch.
158 : The user bites hard on the target with its sharp front fangs. This may also make the target flinch.
159 : The user makes its edges more jagged,  which raises its Attack stat.
160 : The user changes its type to become the same type as the move at the top of the list of moves it knows.
161 : The user strikes with a simultaneous three-beam attack. May also burn, freeze, or paralyze the target.
162 : The user chomps hard on the target with its sharp front fangs. This cuts the target’s HP in half.
163 : The target is attacked with a slash of claws or blades. Critical hits land more easily.
164 : The user makes a copy of itself using some of its HP. The copy serves as the user’s decoy.
165 : This attack is used in desperation only if the user has no PP. It also damages the user a little.
166 : It enables the user to permanently learn the move last used by the target. Once used, Sketch disappears.
167 : A consecutive three-kick attack that becomes more powerful with each successive hit.
168 : The user attacks and steals the target’s held item simultaneously. The user can’t steal anything if it already holds an item.
169 : The user ensnares the target with thin, gooey silk so it can’t flee from battle.
170 : The user senses the target’s movements with its mind to ensure its next attack does not miss the target.
171 : A sleeping target sees a nightmare that inflicts some damage every turn.
172 : The user cloaks itself in fire and charges at the target. This may also leave the target with a burn.
173 : This attack can be used only if the user is asleep. The harsh noise may also make the target flinch.
174 : A move that works differently for the Ghost type than for all other types.
175 : The user flails about aimlessly to attack. The less HP the user has, the greater the move’s power.
176 : The user changes its type to make itself resistant to the type of the attack the opponent used last.
177 : A vortex of air is shot at the target to inflict damage. Critical hits land more easily.
178 : The user releases cotton-like spores that cling to the opposing Pokémon, which harshly lowers their Speed stat.
179 : An all-out attack that becomes more powerful the less HP the user has.
180 : The user unleashes its grudge on the move last used by the target by cutting 4 PP from it.
181 : The user attacks with a chilling gust of powdery snow. This may also freeze the opposing Pokémon.
182 : Enables the user to evade all attacks. Its chance of failing rises if it is used in succession.
183 : The user throws a punch at blinding speed. This move always goes first.
184 : The user frightens the target with a scary face to harshly lower its Speed stat.
185 : The user approaches the target disarmingly, then throws a sucker punch. This attack never misses.
186 : The user kisses the target with a sweet, angelic cuteness that causes confusion.
187 : The user maximizes its Attack stat in exchange for HP equal to half its max HP.
188 : Unsanitary sludge is hurled at the target. This may also poison the target.
189 : The user hurls mud in the target’s face to inflict damage and lower its accuracy.
190 : The user attacks by spraying ink in the target’s face or eyes. This may also lower the target’s accuracy.
191 : The user lays a trap of spikes at the opposing team’s feet. The trap hurts Pokémon that switch into battle.
192 : The user fires an electric blast like a cannon to inflict damage and cause paralysis.
193 : Enables a Ghost-type target to be hit by Normal- and Fighting-type attacks. This also enables an evasive target to be hit.
194 : After using this move, if the user faints, the Pokémon that landed the knockout hit also faints. Its chance of failing rises if it is used in succession.
195 : Any Pokémon that hears this song faints in three turns, unless it switches out of battle.
196 : The user attacks with a gust of chilled air. This also lowers the opposing Pokémon’s Speed stats.
197 : Enables the user to evade all attacks. Its chance of failing rises if it is used in succession.
198 : The user strikes the target with a hard bone two to five times in a row.
199 : The user takes sure aim at the target. This ensures the next attack does not miss the target.
200 : The user rampages and attacks for two to three turns. The user then becomes confused.
201 : A five-turn sandstorm is summoned to hurt all combatants except the Rock, Ground, and Steel types. It raises the Sp. Def stat of Rock types.
202 : A nutrient-draining attack. The user’s HP is restored by half the damage taken by the target.
203 : The user endures any attack with at least 1 HP. Its chance of failing rises if it is used in succession.
204 : The user gazes at the target rather charmingly, making it less wary. This harshly lowers its Attack stat.
205 : The user continually rolls into the target over five turns. It becomes more powerful each time it hits.
206 : A restrained attack that prevents the target from fainting. The target is left with at least 1 HP.
207 : The user enrages and confuses the target. However, this also sharply raises the target’s Attack stat.
208 : The user restores its own HP by up to half of its max HP.
209 : The user throws an electrically charged tackle at the target. This may also leave the target with paralysis.
210 : The target is slashed with scythes or claws. This attack becomes more powerful if it hits in succession.
211 : The target is hit with wings of steel. This may also raise the user’s Defense stat.
212 : The user pins the target with a dark, arresting look. The target becomes unable to flee.
213 : If it is the opposite gender of the user, the target becomes infatuated and less likely to attack.
214 : While it is asleep, the user randomly uses one of the moves it knows.
215 : The user makes a soothing bell chime to heal the status conditions of all the party Pokémon.
216 : This full-power attack grows more powerful the more the user likes its Trainer.
217 : The user attacks by giving the target a gift with a hidden trap. It restores HP sometimes, however.
218 : This full-power attack grows more powerful the less the user likes its Trainer.
219 : The user creates a protective field that prevents status conditions for five turns.
220 : The user adds its HP to the target’s HP, then equally shares the combined HP with the target.
221 : The target is razed with a mystical fire of great intensity. This may also leave the target with a burn.
222 : The user attacks everything around it with a ground-shaking quake. Its power varies.
223 : The user punches the target with full, concentrated power. This confuses the target if it hits.
224 : Using its tough and impressive horn, the user rams into the target with no letup.
225 : The user exhales a mighty gust that inflicts damage. This may also leave the target with paralysis.
226 : The user switches places with a party Pokémon in waiting and passes along any stat changes.
227 : The user compels the target to keep using the move it encored for three turns.
228 : The power of this attack move is doubled if it’s used on a target that’s switching out of battle.
229 : A spin attack that can also eliminate such moves as Bind, Wrap, Leech Seed, and Spikes.
230 : A sweet scent that harshly lowers opposing Pokémon’s evasiveness.
231 : The target is slammed with a steel-hard tail. This may also lower the target’s Defense stat.
232 : The target is raked with steel claws. This may also raise the user’s Attack stat.
233 : The user attacks last. In return, this throw move never misses.
234 : The user restores its own HP. The amount of HP regained varies with the weather.
235 : The user restores its own HP. The amount of HP regained varies with the weather.
236 : The user restores its own HP. The amount of HP regained varies with the weather.
237 : A unique attack that varies in type depending on the Pokémon using it.
238 : The user delivers a double chop with its forearms crossed. Critical hits land more easily.
239 : The user whips up a vicious tornado to tear at the opposing Pokémon. This may also make them flinch.
240 : The user summons a heavy rain that falls for five turns, powering up Water-type moves. It lowers the power of Fire-type moves.
241 : The user intensifies the sun for five turns, powering up Fire-type moves. It lowers the power of Water-type moves.
242 : The user crunches up the target with sharp fangs. This may also lower the target’s Defense stat.
243 : A retaliation move that counters any special attack, inflicting double the damage taken.
244 : The user hypnotizes itself into copying any stat change made by the target.
245 : The user charges the target at blinding speed. This move always goes first.
246 : The user attacks with a prehistoric power. This may also raise all the user’s stats at once.
247 : The user hurls a shadowy blob at the target. This may also lower the target’s Sp. Def stat.
248 : Two turns after this move is used, a hunk of psychic energy attacks the target.
249 : The user attacks with a punch. This may also lower the target’s Defense stat.
250 : The user traps the target in a violent swirling whirlpool for four to five turns.
251 : The user gets all party Pokémon to attack the target. The more party Pokémon, the greater the number of attacks.
252 : This attack hits first and makes the target flinch. It only works the first turn the user is in battle.
253 : The user attacks in an uproar for three turns. During that time, no Pokémon can fall asleep.
254 : The user charges up power and raises both its Defense and Sp. Def stats. The move can be used three times.
255 : The power stored using the move Stockpile is released at once in an attack. The more power is stored, the greater the move’s power.
256 : The power stored using the move Stockpile is absorbed by the user to heal its HP. Storing more power heals more HP.
257 : The user attacks by exhaling hot breath on the opposing Pokémon. This may also leave those Pokémon with a burn.
258 : The user summons a hailstorm lasting five turns. It damages all Pokémon except the Ice type.
259 : The user torments and enrages the target, making it incapable of using the same move twice in a row.
260 : Flattery is used to confuse the target. However, this also raises the target’s Sp. Atk stat.
261 : The user shoots a sinister, bluish-white flame at the target to inflict a burn.
262 : The user faints when using this move. In return, this harshly lowers the target’s Attack and Sp. Atk stats.
263 : This attack move doubles its power if the user is poisoned, burned, or paralyzed.
264 : The user focuses its mind before launching a punch. This move fails if the user is hit before it is used.
265 : This attack’s power is doubled when used on a target with paralysis. This also cures the target’s paralysis, however.
266 : The user draws attention to itself, making all targets take aim only at the user.
267 : This attack makes use of nature’s power. Its effects vary depending on the user’s environment.
268 : The user boosts the power of the Electric move it uses on the next turn. This also raises the user’s Sp. Def stat.
269 : The target is taunted into a rage that allows it to use only attack moves for three turns.
270 : The user assists an ally by boosting the power of that ally’s attack.
271 : The user catches the target off guard and swaps its held item with its own.
272 : The user mimics the target completely, copying the target’s natural Ability.
273 : One turn after this move is used, the user’s or its replacement’s HP is restored by half the user’s max HP.
274 : The user hurriedly and randomly uses a move among those known by ally Pokémon.
275 : The user lays roots that restore its HP on every turn. Because it’s rooted, it can’t switch out.
276 : The user attacks the target with great power. However, this also lowers the user’s Attack and Defense stats.
277 : A barrier reflects back to the target moves like Leech Seed and moves that damage status.
278 : The user recycles a held item that has been used in battle so it can be used again.
279 : This attack move’s power is doubled if the user has been hurt by the opponent in the same turn.
280 : The user attacks with a swift chop. It can also break barriers, such as Light Screen and Reflect.
281 : The user lets loose a huge yawn that lulls the target into falling asleep on the next turn.
282 : The user slaps down the target’s held item, and that item can’t be used in that battle. The move does more damage if the target has a held item.
283 : This attack move cuts down the target’s HP to equal the user’s HP.
284 : The user attacks opposing Pokémon with explosive fury. The lower the user’s HP, the lower the move’s power.
285 : The user employs its psychic power to exchange Abilities with the target.
286 : If opposing Pokémon know any move also known by the user, they are prevented from using it.
287 : The user rests to cure itself of poisoning, a burn, or paralysis.
288 : If the user faints, the user’s grudge fully depletes the PP of the opponent’s move that knocked it out.
289 : The user steals the effects of any attempts to use a healing or stat-changing move.
290 : The additional effects of this attack depend upon where it was used.
291 : Diving on the first turn, the user floats up and attacks on the next turn.
292 : The user lets loose a flurry of open-palmed arm thrusts that hit two to five times in a row.
293 : The user’s type is changed depending on its environment, such as at water’s edge, in grass, or in a cave.
294 : The user stares at flashing lights to focus its mind, drastically raising its Sp. Atk stat.
295 : The user lets loose a damaging burst of light. This may also lower the target’s Sp. Def stat.
296 : A mist-like flurry of down envelops and damages the target. This may also lower the target’s Sp. Atk stat.
297 : The user covers the target’s body with a mass of down that harshly lowers its Attack stat.
298 : The user performs a wobbly dance that confuses the Pokémon around it.
299 : The user launches a kick that lands a critical hit more easily. This may also leave the target with a burn.
300 : The user kicks up mud on the battlefield. This weakens Electric-type moves for five turns.
301 : The user attacks the target for five turns. The move’s power increases each time it hits.
302 : The user attacks by wildly swinging its thorny arms. This may also make the target flinch.
303 : The user slacks off, restoring its own HP by up to half of its max HP.
304 : The user lets loose a horribly echoing shout with the power to inflict damage.
305 : The user bites the target with toxic fangs. This may also leave the target badly poisoned.
306 : The user slashes the target with hard and sharp claws. This may also lower the target’s Defense stat.
307 : The target is razed by a fiery explosion. The user can’t move on the next turn.
308 : The target is hit with a watery blast. The user can’t move on the next turn.
309 : The target is hit with a hard punch fired like a meteor. This may also raise the user’s Attack stat.
310 : The user attacks the target while shouting in a startling fashion. This may also make the target flinch.
311 : This attack move varies in power and type depending on the weather.
312 : The user releases a soothing scent that heals all status conditions affecting the user’s party.
313 : The user feigns crying to fluster the target, harshly lowering its Sp. Def stat.
314 : The user launches razor-like wind to slash the opposing Pokémon. Critical hits land more easily.
315 : The user attacks the target at full power. The attack’s recoil harshly lowers the user’s Sp. Atk stat.
316 : Enables a Ghost-type target to be hit by Normal- and Fighting-type attacks. This also enables an evasive target to be hit.
317 : Boulders are hurled at the target. This also lowers the target’s Speed stat by preventing its movement.
318 : The target is attacked with powdery scales blown by the wind. This may also raise all the user’s stats.
319 : A horrible sound like scraping metal harshly lowers the target’s Sp. Def stat.
320 : The user plays a pleasant melody that lulls the target into a deep sleep.
321 : The user tickles the target into laughing, reducing its Attack and Defense stats.
322 : The user absorbs a mystical power from space to raise its Defense and Sp. Def stats.
323 : The user spouts water to damage opposing Pokémon. The lower the user’s HP, the lower the move’s power.
324 : The user attacks with a sinister beam of light. This may also confuse the target.
325 : The user throws a punch from the shadows. This attack never misses.
326 : The user attacks with an odd, unseeable power. This may also make the target flinch.
327 : The user attacks the target with an uppercut thrown skyward with force.
328 : The user traps the target inside a harshly raging sandstorm for four to five turns.
329 : The target faints instantly. It’s less likely to hit the target if it’s used by Pokémon other than Ice types.
330 : The user attacks by shooting muddy water at the opposing Pokémon. This may also lower their accuracy.
331 : The user forcefully shoots seeds at the target two to five times in a row.
332 : The user confounds the target with speed, then slashes. This attack never misses.
333 : The user launches sharp icicles at the target two to five times in a row.
334 : The user hardens its body’s surface like iron, sharply raising its Defense stat.
335 : The user blocks the target’s way with arms spread wide to prevent escape.
336 : The user howls loudly to raise its spirit, which raises its Attack stat.
337 : The user slashes the target with huge sharp claws.
338 : The user slams the target with an enormous tree. The user can’t move on the next turn.
339 : The user tenses its muscles to bulk up its body, raising both its Attack and Defense stats.
340 : The user bounces up high, then drops on the target on the second turn. This may also leave the target with paralysis.
341 : The user attacks by hurling a blob of mud at the target. This also lowers the target’s Speed stat.
342 : The user hits the target with its tail. This may also poison the target. Critical hits land more easily.
343 : The user endearingly approaches the target, then steals the target’s held item.
344 : The user electrifies itself and charges the target. This also damages the user quite a lot. This attack may leave the target with paralysis.
345 : The user scatters curious leaves that chase the target. This attack never misses.
346 : The user soaks the battlefield with water. This weakens Fire-type moves for five turns.
347 : The user quietly focuses its mind and calms its spirit to raise its Sp. Atk and Sp. Def stats.
348 : The user handles a sharp leaf like a sword and attacks by cutting its target. Critical hits land more easily.
349 : The user vigorously performs a mystic, powerful dance that raises its Attack and Speed stats.
350 : The user hurls hard rocks at the target. Two to five rocks are launched in a row.
351 : The user strikes the target with a quick jolt of electricity. This attack never misses.
352 : The user attacks the target with a pulsing blast of water. This may also confuse the target.
353 : Two turns after this move is used, a concentrated bundle of light blasts the target. 
354 : The user attacks the target at full power. The attack’s recoil harshly lowers the user’s Sp. Atk stat.
355 : The user lands and rests its body. It restores the user’s HP by up to half of its max HP.
356 : Enables Flying-type Pokémon or Pokémon with the Levitate Ability to be hit by Ground-type moves. Flying moves can’t be used.
357 : Enables a Dark-type target to be hit by Psychic-type attacks. This also enables an evasive target to be hit.
358 : This attack inflicts big damage on a sleeping target. This also wakes the target up, however.
359 : The user swings and hits with its strong, heavy fist. It lowers the user’s Speed, however.
360 : The user tackles the target with a high-speed spin. The slower the user compared to the target, the greater the move’s power.
361 : The user faints. In return, the Pokémon taking its place will have its HP restored and status conditions cured.
362 : If the target’s HP is half or less, this attack will hit with double the power.
363 : The user draws power to attack by using its held Berry. The Berry determines the move’s type and power.
364 : This attack hits a target using a move such as Protect or Detect. This also lifts the effects of those moves.
365 : The user pecks the target. If the target is holding a Berry, the user eats it and gains its effect.
366 : The user whips up a turbulent whirlwind that ups the Speed stat of the user and its allies for four turns.
367 : The user applies pressure to stress points, sharply boosting one of its or its allies’ stats.
368 : The user retaliates with much greater force against the opponent that last inflicted damage on it.
369 : After making its attack, the user rushes back to switch places with a party Pokémon in waiting.
370 : The user fights the target up close without guarding itself. This also lowers the user’s Defense and Sp. Def stats.
371 : The user stores power, then attacks. If the user moves after the target, this attack’s power will be doubled.
372 : If the target has already taken some damage in the same turn, this attack’s power is doubled.
373 : This move prevents the target from using its held item for five turns. Its Trainer is also prevented from using items on it.
374 : The user flings its held item at the target to attack. This move’s power and effects depend on the item.
375 : Using its psychic power of suggestion, the user transfers its status conditions to the target.
376 : The fewer PP this move has, the greater its power.
377 : For five turns, the user prevents the opposing team from using any moves, Abilities, or held items that recover HP.
378 : The user powerfully wrings the target. The more HP the target has, the greater the move’s power.
379 : The user employs its psychic power to switch its Attack stat with its Defense stat.
380 : The user hurls up its stomach acids on the target. The fluid eliminates the effect of the target’s Ability.
381 : The user chants an incantation toward the sky, preventing opposing Pokémon from landing critical hits for five turns.
382 : The user cuts ahead of the target to copy and use the target’s intended move with greater power. This move fails if it isn’t used first.
383 : The user mimics the move used immediately before it. The move fails if no other move has been used yet.
384 : The user employs its psychic power to switch changes to its Attack and Sp. Atk stats with the target.
385 : The user employs its psychic power to switch changes to its Defense and Sp. Def stats with the target.
386 : The more the target has powered up with stat changes, the greater the move’s power.
387 : This move can be used only after the user has used all the other moves it knows in the battle.
388 : A seed that causes worry is planted on the target. It prevents sleep by making the target’s Ability Insomnia.
389 : This move enables the user to attack first. This move fails if the target is not readying an attack.
390 : The user lays a trap of poison spikes at the feet of the opposing team. The spikes will poison opposing Pokémon that switch into battle.
391 : The user employs its psychic power to switch stat changes with the target.
392 : The user envelops itself in a veil made of water. It regains some HP every turn.
393 : The user levitates using electrically generated magnetism for five turns.
394 : The user cloaks itself in fire and charges the target. This also damages the user quite a lot. This attack may leave the target with a burn.
395 : The target is attacked with a shock wave. This may also leave the target with paralysis.
396 : The user lets loose a blast of aura power from deep within its body at the target. This attack never misses.
397 : The user polishes its body to reduce drag. This can sharply raise the Speed stat.
398 : The target is stabbed with a tentacle or arm steeped in poison. This may also poison the target.
399 : The user releases a horrible aura imbued with dark thoughts. This may also make the target flinch.
400 : The user slashes the target the instant an opportunity arises. Critical hits land more easily.
401 : The user attacks by swinging its tail as if it were a vicious wave in a raging storm.
402 : The user slams a barrage of hard-shelled seeds down on the target from above.
403 : The user attacks with a blade of air that slices even the sky. This may also make the target flinch.
404 : The user slashes at the target by crossing its scythes or claws as if they were a pair of scissors.
405 : The user generates a damaging sound wave by vibration. This may also lower the target’s Sp. Def stat.
406 : The target is attacked with a shock wave generated by the user’s gaping mouth.
407 : The user tackles the target while exhibiting overwhelming menace. This may also make the target flinch.
408 : The user attacks with a ray of light that sparkles as if it were made of gemstones.
409 : An energy-draining punch. The user’s HP is restored by half the damage taken by the target.
410 : The user whirls its fists to send a wave of pure vacuum at the target. This move always goes first.
411 : The user heightens its mental focus and unleashes its power. This may also lower the target’s  Sp. Def stat.
412 : The user draws power from nature and fires it at the target. This may also lower the target’s Sp. Def stat.
413 : The user tucks in its wings and charges from a low altitude. This also damages the user quite a lot.
414 : The user makes the ground under the target erupt with power. This may also lower the target’s  Sp. Def stat.
415 : The user trades held items with the target faster than the eye can follow.
416 : The user charges at the target using every bit of its power. The user can’t move on the next turn.
417 : The user stimulates its brain by thinking bad thoughts. This sharply raises the user’s Sp. Atk stat.
418 : The user strikes the target with tough punches as fast as bullets. This move always goes first.
419 : The power of this attack move is doubled if the user has been hurt by the target in the same turn.
420 : The user flash-freezes chunks of ice and hurls them at the target. This move always goes first.
421 : The user slashes with a sharp claw made from shadows. Critical hits land more easily.
422 : The user bites with electrified fangs. This may also make the target flinch or leave it with paralysis.
423 : The user bites with cold-infused fangs. This may also make the target flinch or leave it frozen.
424 : The user bites with flame-cloaked fangs. This may also make the target flinch or leave it with a burn.
425 : The user extends its shadow and attacks the target from behind. This move always goes first.
426 : The user launches a hard-packed mud ball to attack. This may also lower the target’s accuracy.
427 : The user tears at the target with blades formed by psychic power. Critical hits land more easily.
428 : The user focuses its willpower to its head and attacks the target. This may also make the target flinch.
429 : The user lets loose a flash of energy at the target from its polished body. This may also lower the target’s accuracy.
430 : The user gathers all its light energy and releases it all at once. This may also lower the target’s Sp. Def stat.
431 : The user attacks the target by smashing into it with incredible force. This may also confuse the target.
432 : A strong wind blows away the target’s barriers such as Reflect or Light Screen. This also lowers the target’s evasiveness.
433 : The user creates a bizarre area in which slower Pokémon get to move first for five turns.
434 : Comets are summoned down from the sky onto the target. The attack’s recoil harshly lowers the user’s Sp. Atk stat.
435 : The user strikes everything around it by letting loose a flare of electricity. This may also cause paralysis.
436 : The user torches everything around it in an inferno of scarlet flames. This may also leave those it hits with a burn.
437 : The user whips up a storm of leaves around the target. The attack’s recoil harshly lowers the user’s Sp. Atk stat.
438 : The user violently whirls its vines, tentacles, or the  like to harshly lash the target.
439 : The user launches a huge boulder at the target to attack. The user can’t move on the next turn.
440 : A slashing attack with a poisonous blade that may also poison the target. Critical hits land more easily.
441 : The user shoots filthy garbage at the target to attack. This may also poison the target.
442 : The user slams the target with its steel-hard head. This may also make the target flinch.
443 : The user launches steel bombs that stick to the target. This attack never misses.
444 : The user stabs the target from below with sharpened stones. Critical hits land more easily.
445 : If any opposing Pokémon is the opposite gender of the user, it is charmed, which harshly lowers its Sp. Atk stat.
446 : The user lays a trap of levitating stones around the opposing team. The trap hurts opposing Pokémon that switch into battle.
447 : The user snares the target with grass and trips it. The heavier the target, the greater the move’s power.
448 : The user attacks the target with sound waves of deafening chatter. This confuses the target.
449 : The user releases countless shots of light at the target. This move’s type varies depending on the kind of Plate the user is holding.
450 : The user bites the target. If the target is holding a Berry, the user eats it and gains its effect.
451 : The user attacks with an electric charge. The user may use any remaining electricity to raise its Sp. Atk stat.
452 : The user slams its rugged body into the target to attack. This also damages the user quite a lot.
453 : The user lunges at the target at a speed that makes it almost invisible. This move always goes first.
454 : The user calls out its underlings to pummel the target. Critical hits land more easily.
455 : The user calls out its underlings to shield its body, raising its Defense and Sp. Def stats.
456 : The user calls out its underlings to heal it. The user regains up to half of its max HP.
457 : The user attacks the target with a hazardous, full-power headbutt. This also damages the user terribly.
458 : The user slams the target with a long tail, vines, or a tentacle. The target is hit twice in a row.
459 : The user blasts the target with power that distorts even time. The user can’t move on the next turn.
460 : The user tears the target along with the space around it. Critical hits land more easily.
461 : The user faints. In return, the Pokémon taking its place will have its status and HP fully restored.
462 : The target is crushed with great force. The more HP the target has left, the greater this move’s power.
463 : The target becomes trapped within a maelstrom of fire that rages for four to five turns.
464 : Opposing Pokémon are dragged into a world of total darkness that makes them sleep.
465 : The user emits a shock wave from its body to attack its target. This may also harshly lower the target’s Sp. Def stat.
466 : The user blasts the target with a gust of repulsive wind. This may also raise all the user’s stats at once.
467 : The user disappears, then strikes the target on the next turn. This move hits even if the target protects itself.
468 : The user sharpens its claws to boost its Attack stat and accuracy.
469 : The user and its allies are protected from wide-ranging attacks for one turn.
470 : The user employs its psychic power to average its Defense and Sp. Def stats with those of the target.
471 : The user employs its psychic power to average its Attack and Sp. Atk stats with those of the target.
472 : The user creates a bizarre area in which Pokémon’s Defense and Sp. Def stats are swapped for five turns.
473 : The user materializes an odd psychic wave to attack the target. This attack does physical damage.
474 : The user drenches the target in a special poisonous liquid. This move’s power is doubled if the target is poisoned.
475 : The user sheds part of its body to make itself lighter and sharply raise its Speed stat.
476 : The user scatters a cloud of irritating powder to draw attention to itself. Opponents aim only at the user.
477 : The user makes the target float with its psychic power. The target is easier to hit for three turns.
478 : The user creates a bizarre area in which Pokémon’s held items lose their effects for five turns.
479 : The user throws a stone or similar projectile to attack an opponent. A flying Pokémon will fall to the ground when it’s hit.
480 : The user strikes the target with a fierce blow. This attack always results in a critical hit.
481 : The user attacks the target with a bursting flame. The bursting flame damages Pokémon next to the target as well.
482 : The user strikes everything around it by swamping the area with a giant sludge wave. This may also poison those hit.
483 : The user lightly performs a beautiful, mystic dance. This boosts the user’s Sp. Atk, Sp. Def, and Speed stats.
484 : The user slams into the target with its heavy body. The more the user outweighs the target, the greater the move’s power.
485 : Using an odd shock wave, the user inflicts damage on any Pokémon of the same type in the area around it.
486 : The user hurls an electric orb at the target. The faster the user is than the target, the greater the move’s power.
487 : The user shoots a torrent of water at the target and changes the target’s type to Water.
488 : Cloaking itself in flame, the user attacks. Then, building up more power, the user raises its Speed stat.
489 : The user coils up and concentrates. This raises its Attack and Defense stats as well as its accuracy.
490 : The user makes a swift attack on the target’s legs, which lowers the target’s Speed stat.
491 : The user spits fluid that works to melt the target. This harshly lowers the target’s Sp. Def stat.
492 : The user turns the target’s power against it. The higher the target’s Attack stat, the greater the move’s power.
493 : The user’s mysterious psychic wave changes the target’s Ability to Simple.
494 : The user dances with an odd rhythm that compels the target to mimic it, making the target’s Ability the same as the user’s.
495 : The user helps the target and makes it use its move right after the user.
496 : The user attacks the target with a song. Others can join in the Round to increase the power of the attack.
497 : The user attacks the target with an echoing voice. If this move is used every turn, its power is increased.
498 : Looking for an opening, the user strikes consistently. The target’s stat changes don’t affect this attack’s damage.
499 : The user attacks by throwing a clump of special mud. All stat changes are returned to normal.
500 : The user attacks the target with stored power. The more the user’s stats are raised, the greater the move’s power.
501 : The user protects itself and its allies from priority moves.
502 : The user teleports using a strange power and switches places with one of its allies.
503 : The user shoots boiling hot water at its target. This may also leave the target with a burn.
504 : The user breaks its shell, which lowers Defense and Sp. Def stats but sharply raises its Attack, Sp. Atk, and Speed stats.
505 : The user emits a healing pulse that restores the target’s HP by up to half of its max HP.
506 : This relentless attack does massive damage to a target affected by status conditions.
507 : The user takes the target into the sky, then drops it during the next turn. The target cannot attack while in the sky.
508 : The user rotates its gears, raising its Attack stat and sharply raising its Speed stat.
509 : The target is thrown, and a different Pokémon is dragged out. In the wild, this ends a battle against a single Pokémon.
510 : The user attacks opposing Pokémon with fire. If a Pokémon is holding a certain item, such as a Berry, the item becomes burned up and unusable.
511 : The user suppresses the target and makes its move go last.
512 : The user nimbly strikes the target. If the user is not holding an item, this attack inflicts massive damage.
513 : The user reflects the target’s type, making it the same type as the target.
514 : The user gets revenge for a fainted ally. If an ally fainted in the previous turn, this move’s power is increased.
515 : The user risks everything to attack its target. The user faints but does damage equal to its HP.
516 : The user passes its held item to the target when the target isn’t holding an item.
517 : The user attacks by engulfing the target in an intense fire. This leaves the target with a burn.
518 : A column of water strikes the target. When combined with its fire equivalent, its power increases and a rainbow appears.
519 : A column of fire hits the target. When used with its grass equivalent, its power increases and a vast sea of fire appears.
520 : A column of grass hits the target. When used with its water equivalent, its power increases and a vast swamp appears.
521 : After making its attack, the user rushes back to switch places with a party Pokémon in waiting.
522 : While resisting, the user attacks the opposing Pokémon. This lowers the Sp. Atk stat of those hit.
523 : The user strikes everything around it by stomping down on the ground. This lowers the Speed stat of those hit.
524 : The user blows its cold breath on the target. This attack always results in a critical hit.
525 : The target is knocked away, and a different Pokémon is dragged out. In the wild, this ends a battle against a single Pokémon.
526 : The user is roused, and its Attack and Sp. Atk stats increase.
527 : The user attacks and captures opposing Pokémon using an electric net. This lowers their Speed stat.
528 : The user shrouds itself in electricity and smashes into its target. This also damages the user a little.
529 : The user crashes into its target while rotating its body like a drill. Critical hits land more easily.
530 : The user attacks its target by hitting it with brutal strikes. The target is hit twice in a row.
531 : The user unleashes a vicious blow after its cute act makes the target less wary. This may also make the target flinch.
532 : The user drains the target’s energy with its horns. The user’s HP is restored by half the damage taken by the target.
533 : The user attacks by slicing with a long horn. The target’s stat changes don’t affect this attack’s damage.
534 : The user cuts its target with sharp shells. This may also lower the target’s Defense stat.
535 : The user slams its target with its flame-covered body. The more the user outweighs the target, the greater the move’s power.
536 : The user attacks its target by encircling it in sharp leaves. This attack may also lower the target’s accuracy.
537 : The user crushes its target by rolling over the target with its rolled-up body. This may also make the target flinch.
538 : The user protects itself by wrapping its body in soft cotton, which drastically raises the user’s Defense stat.
539 : The user lets loose a pitch-black shock wave at its target. This may also lower the target’s accuracy.
540 : The user materializes an odd psychic wave to attack the target. This attack does physical damage.
541 : The user attacks by striking the target with its hard tail. It hits the target two to five times in a row.
542 : The user attacks by wrapping its opponent in a fierce wind that flies up into the sky. This may also confuse the target.
543 : The user charges its head into its target, using its powerful guard hair. This also damages the user a little.
544 : The user attacks by throwing steel gears at its target twice.
545 : The user torches everything around it in an inferno of scarlet flames. This may also leave those it hits with a burn.
546 : The user fires a beam of light at its target. The move’s type changes depending on the Drive the user holds.
547 : The user sings an ancient song and attacks by appealing to the hearts of the listening opposing Pokémon. This may also induce sleep.
548 : The user cuts with its long horn. The odd power contained in the horn does physical damage to the target.
549 : The user attacks by blowing freezing cold air at opposing Pokémon. This lowers their Speed stat.
550 : The user surrounds itself with a great amount of electricity and charges its target. This may also leave the target with paralysis.
551 : The user attacks by engulfing the target in an intense, yet beautiful, blue flame. This may also leave the target with a burn.
552 : Cloaked in flames, the user dances and flaps its wings. This may also raise the user’s Sp. Atk stat.
553 : On the second turn, the user hits the target with electrically charged ice. This may also leave the target with paralysis.
554 : On the second turn, an ultracold, freezing wind surrounds the target. This may leave the target with a burn.
555 : The user yells as if it’s ranting about something, which lowers the Sp. Atk stat of opposing Pokémon.
556 : The user attacks by harshly dropping large icicles onto the target. This may also make the target flinch.
557 : With a hot flame on its forehead, the user hurls itself at its target. This lowers the user’s Defense, Sp. Def, and Speed stats.
558 : The user brings down a giant flame. This move’s power is increased when influenced by an enormous lightning bolt.
559 : The user throws down a giant lightning bolt. This move’s power is increased when influenced by an enormous flame.
560 : The user dives down onto the target from the sky. This move is Fighting and Flying type simultaneously.
561 : Using a pulled-up mat as a shield, the user protects itself and its allies from damaging moves. This does not stop status moves.
562 : The user lets out a damaging belch at the target. The user must eat a held Berry to use this move.
563 : Tilling the soil, the user makes it easier for plants to grow. This raises the Attack and Sp. Atk stats of Grass-type Pokémon.
564 : The user weaves a sticky net around the opposing team, which lowers their Speed stat upon switching into battle.
565 : When the user knocks out a target with this move, the user’s Attack stat rises drastically.
566 : The user vanishes somewhere, then strikes the target on the next turn. This move hits even if the target protects itself.
567 : The user takes the target trick-or-treating. This adds Ghost type to the target’s type.
568 : Letting out a noble roar, the user intimidates the target and lowers its Attack and Sp. Atk stats.
569 : The user disperses electrically charged particles, which changes Normal-type moves to Electric-type moves.
570 : The user attacks everything around it. The user’s HP is restored by half the damage taken by those hit.
571 : The user puts a forest curse on the target. The target is now Grass type as well.
572 : The user stirs up a violent petal blizzard and attacks everything around it.
573 : The user rapidly cools the target. This may also leave the target frozen. This move is super effective on Water types.
574 : Letting out a charming cry, the user does emotional damage to opposing Pokémon. This attack never misses.
575 : With a parting threat, the user lowers the target’s Attack and Sp. Atk stats. Then it switches with a party Pokémon.
576 : All stat changes affecting the target turn topsy-turvy and become the opposite of what they were.
577 : The user steals the target’s HP with a kiss. The user’s HP is restored by over half of the damage taken by the target.
578 : The user protects itself and its allies from status moves with a mysterious power. This does not stop moves that do damage.
579 : The user raises the Defense stat of all Grass-type Pokémon in battle with a mysterious power.
580 : The user turns the ground to grass for five turns. This restores the HP of Pokémon on the ground a little every turn and powers up Grass type-moves.
581 : This protects Pokémon on the ground from status conditions and halves damage from Dragon-type moves for five turns.
582 : If the target is electrified before it uses a move during that turn, the target’s move becomes Electric type.
583 : The user plays rough with the target and attacks it. This may also lower the target’s Attack stat.
584 : The user stirs up a fairy wind and strikes the target with it.
585 : Borrowing the power of the moon, the user attacks the target. This may also lower the target’s Sp. Atk stat.
586 : The user attacks everything around it with the destructive power of a terrible, explosive sound.
587 : By locking down the battlefield, the user keeps all Pokémon from fleeing during the next turn.
588 : The user takes a defensive stance while it protects itself from damage. It also harshly lowers the Attack stat of any attacker who makes direct contact.
589 : The user and the target become friends, and the target loses its will to fight. This lowers the target’s Attack stat.
590 : The user tells the target a secret, and the target loses its ability to concentrate. This lowers the target’s Sp. Atk stat.
591 : The user whips up a storm of diamonds to damage opposing Pokémon. This may also sharply raise the user’s Defense stat.
592 : The user immerses the target in superheated steam. This may also leave the target with a burn.
593 : Using a hyperspace hole, the user appears right next to the target and strikes. This also hits a target using a move such as Protect or Detect.
594 : The user hits the target with throwing stars two to five times in a row. This move always goes first.
595 : The user attacks by breathing a special, hot fire. This also lowers the target’s Sp. Atk stat.
596 : In addition to protecting the user from attacks, this move also damages any attacker who makes direct contact.
597 : The user raises the Sp. Def stat of an ally Pokémon by using a mysterious aroma.
598 : The user’s body generates an eerie impulse. Exposing the target to it harshly lowers the target’s Sp. Atk stat.
599 : Opposing Pokémon are drenched in an odd poisonous liquid. This lowers the Attack, Sp. Atk, and Speed stats of a poisoned target.
600 : The user covers the target in a combustible powder. If the target uses a Fire-type move, the powder explodes and damages the target.
601 : The user absorbs energy and sharply raises its Sp. Atk, Sp. Def, and Speed stats on the next turn.
602 : The user manipulates magnetic fields, which raises the Defense and Sp. Def stats of ally Pokémon with the Plus or Minus Ability.
603 : Using Happy Hour doubles the amount of prize money received after battle.
604 : The user electrifies the ground for five turns, powering up Electric-type moves. Pokémon on the ground no longer fall asleep.
605 : The user damages opposing Pokémon by emitting a powerful flash.
606 : The Pokémon congratulates you on your special day!
607 : The user and an ally hold hands. This makes them very happy.
608 : The user stares at the target with its baby-doll eyes, which lowers its Attack stat. This move always goes first.
609 : The user attacks by nuzzling its electrified cheeks against the target. This also leaves the target with paralysis.
610 : The user holds back when it attacks, and the target is left with at least 1 HP.
611 : The target is infested and attacked for four to five turns. The target can’t flee during this time.
612 : Striking opponents over and over makes the user’s fists harder. Hitting a target raises the Attack stat.
613 : The user absorbs its target’s HP. The user’s HP is restored by over half of the damage taken by the target.
614 : This move also hits opposing Pokémon that are in the air. Those Pokémon are knocked down to the ground.
615 : The user attacks with a wave that crawls along the ground. Those hit can’t flee from battle.
616 : The user gathers the energy of the land and focuses that power on opposing Pokémon to damage them.
617 : Drawing power from the Eternal Flower, the user fires a powerful beam of light. This also damages the user quite a lot.
618 : The user attacks opposing Pokémon with countless beams of light that glow a deep and brilliant blue.
619 : The user attacks opposing Pokémon by manifesting the power of the land in fearsome blades of stone.
620 : After soaring upward, the user attacks its target by dropping out of the sky at high speeds. But it lowers its own Defense and Sp. Def stats in the process.
621 : Using its many arms, the user unleashes a barrage of attacks that ignore the effects of moves like Protect and Detect. But the user’s Defense stat falls.
622 : The user builds up its momentum using its Z-Power and crashes into the target at full speed. The power varies, depending on the original move.
623 : Dummy Data
624 : The user rams an energy orb created by its Z-Power into the target with full force. The power varies, depending on the original move.
625 : Dummy Data
626 : The user soars up with its Z-Power and plummets toward the target at full speed. The power varies, depending on the original move.
627 : Dummy Data
628 : The user creates a poisonous swamp using its Z-Power and sinks the target into it at full force. The power varies, depending on the original move.
629 : Dummy Data
630 : The user burrows deep into the ground and slams into the target with the full force of its Z-Power. The power varies, depending on the original move.
631 : Dummy Data
632 : The user summons a huge rock mountain using its Z-Power and drops it onto the target with full force. The power varies, depending on the original move.
633 : Dummy Data
634 : The user binds the target with full force with threads of silk that the user spits using its Z-Power. The power varies, depending on the original move.
635 : Dummy Data
636 : Deep-seated grudges summoned by the user’s Z-Power trap the target. The power varies, depending on the original move.
637 : Dummy Data
638 : The user spins very fast and rams into the target with the full force of its Z-Power. The power varies, depending on the original move.
639 : Dummy Data
640 : The user breathes a stream of intense fire toward the target with the full force of its Z-Power. The power varies depending on the original move.
641 : Dummy Data
642 : The user creates a huge whirling current using its Z-Power to swallow the target with full force. The power varies, depending on the original move.
643 : Dummy Data
644 : The user collects energy from plants using its Z-Power and attacks the target with full force. The power varies, depending on the original move.
645 : Dummy Data
646 : The user hits the target with a powerful electric current collected by its Z-Power. The power varies, depending on the original move.
647 : Dummy Data
648 : The user controls the target with its Z-Power and hurts the target with full force. The power varies, depending on the original move.
649 : Dummy Data
650 : The user dramatically drops the temperature using its Z-Power and freezes the target with full force. The power varies, depending on the original move.
651 : Dummy Data
652 : The user materializes its aura using its Z-Power and attacks the target with full force. The power varies, depending on the original move.
653 : Dummy Data
654 : The user gathers dark energy using its Z-Power and sucks the target into it. The power varies, depending on the original move.
655 : Dummy Data
656 : The user creates a very charming space using its Z-Power and totally toys with the target. The power varies, depending on the original move.
657 : Dummy Data
658 : The user, Pikachu, surrounds itself with the maximum amount of electricity using its Z-Power and pounces on its target with full force.
659 : The user regains up to half of its max HP. It restores more HP in a sandstorm.
660 : Although this move has great power, it only works the first turn the user is in battle.
661 : In addition to protecting the user from attacks, this move also poisons any attacker that makes direct contact.
662 : The user attacks while simultaneously stitching the target’s shadow to the ground to prevent the target from escaping.
663 : The user swings both arms and hits the target. The target’s stat changes don’t affect this attack’s damage.
664 : The user bursts into song, emitting many bubbles. Any Pokémon suffering from a burn will be healed by the touch of these bubbles.
665 : The user swings and hits with its strong, heavy fist. It lowers the user’s Speed, however.
666 : The user restores the target’s HP by up to half of its max HP. It restores more HP when the terrain is grass.
667 : The user fiercely attacks the target using its entire body.
668 : The user restores its HP by the same amount as the target’s Attack stat. It also lowers the target’s Attack stat.
669 : In this two-turn attack, the user gathers light and fills a blade with the light’s energy, attacking the target on the next turn.
670 : The user attacks by pelting the target with leaves.
671 : The user shines a spotlight on the target so that only the target will be attacked during the turn.
672 : The user shoots poisonous threads to poison the target and lower the target’s Speed stat.
673 : The user concentrates intensely. The attack on the next turn always results in a critical hit.
674 : The user engages its gears to raise the Attack and Sp. Atk stats of ally Pokémon with the Plus or Minus Ability.
675 : The user attacks the target’s throat, and the resultant suffering prevents the target from using moves that emit sound for two turns.
676 : The user attacks the enemy with a pollen puff that explodes. If the target is an ally, it gives the ally a pollen puff that restores its HP instead.
677 : The user entangles the target with its anchor chain while attacking. The target becomes unable to flee.
678 : This protects Pokémon on the ground from priority moves and powers up Psychic-type moves for five turns.
679 : The user makes a lunge at the target, attacking with full force. This also lowers the target’s Attack stat.
680 : The user strikes the target with a burning lash. This also lowers the target’s Defense stat.
681 : The user boasts its strength and attacks the target. The more the user’s stats are raised, the greater the move’s power.
682 : To inflict massive damage, the user burns itself out. After using this move, the user will no longer be Fire type.
683 : The user exchanges Speed stats with the target.
684 : The user stabs the target with a sharp horn. This attack never misses.
685 : The user heals the target’s status condition. If the move succeeds, it also restores the user’s own HP.
686 : The user attacks the target by dancing very hard. The user’s type determines the type of this move.
687 : If the Pokémon the user has inflicted damage on have already used their moves, this move eliminates the effect of the target’s Ability.
688 : The user lands an intense kick of tropical origins on the target. This also lowers the target’s Attack stat.
689 : The user instructs the target to use the target’s last move again.
690 : The user first heats up its beak, and then it attacks the target. Making direct contact with the Pokémon while it’s heating up its beak results in a burn.
691 : The user rubs the scales on its entire body and makes a huge noise to attack the opposing Pokémon. The user’s Defense stat goes down after the attack.
692 : The user uses its body like a hammer to attack the target and inflict damage.
693 : The user swings its body around violently to inflict damage on everything in its vicinity.
694 : This move reduces damage from physical and special moves for five turns. This can be used only in a hailstorm.
695 : The user, Decidueye, creates countless arrows using its Z-Power and shoots the target with full force.
696 : The user, Incineroar, strengthens its body using its Z-Power and crashes into the target with full force.
697 : The user, Primarina, summons a massive amount of  water using its Z-Power and attacks the target with  full force.
698 : The user, the Land Spirit Pokémon, obtains Alola’s energy using its Z-Power and attacks the target with full force. This reduces the target’s HP greatly.
699 : After obtaining Z-Power, the user, Marshadow, punches and kicks the target consecutively with full force.
700 : After obtaining Z-Power, the user, Alolan Raichu, attacks the target with full force. This move leaves the target with paralysis.
701 : Z-Power brings out the true capabilities of the user, Snorlax. The Pokémon moves its enormous body energetically and attacks the target with full force.
702 : After obtaining Z-Power, the user, Eevee, gets energy from its evolved friends and boosts its stats sharply.
703 : After obtaining Z-Power, the user, Mew, attacks the target with full force. The terrain will be charged with psychic energy.
704 : The user sets a shell trap. If the user is hit by a physical move, the trap will explode and inflict damage on the opposing Pokémon.
705 : The user unleashes a strong beam. The attack’s recoil harshly lowers the user’s Sp. Atk stat.
706 : The user bites the target with its psychic capabilities. This can also destroy Light Screen and Reflect.
707 : Driven by frustration, the user attacks the target. If the user’s previous move has failed, the power of this move doubles.
708 : The user attacks by beating the target with a bone that contains a spirit. This may also lower the target’s Defense stat.
709 : The user smashes into the target at high speed. This move always goes first.
710 : The user slams into the target using a full-force blast of water. This may also lower the target’s Defense stat.
711 : The user shoots powerful lasers using the power of a prism. The user can’t move on the next turn.
712 : The user hides in the target’s shadow, steals the target’s stat boosts, and then attacks.
713 : The user slams into the target with the force of a meteor. This move can be used on the target  regardless of its Abilities.
714 : The user emits a sinister ray to attack the target. This move can be used on the target regardless of  its Abilities.
715 : The user gets teary eyed to make the target lose its combative spirit. This lowers the target’s Attack and Sp. Atk stats.
716 : A strong electric blast crashes down on the target, giving it an electric shock. This may also make the target flinch.
717 : The user hits the target with the force of nature. It halves the target’s HP.
718 : Cloaking itself in high energy, the user slams into the target. The memory held determines the move’s type.
719 : The user, Pikachu wearing a cap, powers up a jolt of electricity using its Z-Power and unleashes it. Critical hits land more easily.
