0 : ???
1 : The best Poké Ball with the ultimate level of performance. With it, you will catch any wild Pokémon without fail.
2 : An ultra-high-performance Poké Ball that provides a higher success rate for catching Pokémon than a Great Ball.
3 : A good, high-performance Poké Ball that provides a higher Pokémon catch rate than a standard Poké Ball.
4 : A device for catching wild Pokémon. It’s thrown like a ball at a Pokémon, comfortably encapsulating its target.
5 : A special Poké Ball that is used only in the Great Marsh. It is recognizable by the camouflage pattern decorating it.
6 : A somewhat different Poké Ball that is more effective when attempting to catch Water- or Bug-type Pokémon.
7 : A somewhat different Poké Ball that works especially well when catching Pokémon that live underwater.
8 : A somewhat different Poké Ball that becomes more effective the lower the level of the wild Pokémon.
9 : A somewhat different Poké Ball that works especially well on a Pokémon species that has been caught before.
10 : A somewhat different Poké Ball that becomes progressively more effective the more turns that are taken in battle.
11 : A particularly comfortable Poké Ball that makes a wild Pokémon quickly grow friendlier after being caught.
12 : A somewhat rare Poké Ball that was made as a commemorative item used to celebrate an event of some sort.
13 : A somewhat different Poké Ball that makes it easier to catch wild Pokémon at night or in dark places like caves.
14 : A remedial Poké Ball that restores the HP of a Pokémon caught with it and eliminates any status conditions.
15 : A somewhat different Poké Ball that has a more successful catch rate if used at the start of a wild encounter.
16 : A quite rare Poké Ball that has been crafted in order to commemorate a special occasion of some sort.
17 : A spray-type medicine for treating wounds. It can be used to restore 20 HP to an injured Pokémon.
18 : A spray-type medicine for poisoning. It can be used once to lift the effects of being poisoned from a Pokémon.
19 : A spray-type medicine for treating burns. It can be used once to heal a Pokémon suffering from a burn.
20 : A spray-type medicine for freezing. It can be used once to defrost a Pokémon that has been frozen solid.
21 : A spray-type medicine used against sleep. It can be used once to rouse a Pokémon from the clutches of sleep.
22 : A spray-type medicine for paralysis. It can be used once to free a Pokémon that has been paralyzed.
23 : A medicine that can be used to fully restore the HP of a single Pokémon and heal any status conditions it has.
24 : A spray-type medicine for treating wounds. It will completely restore the max HP of a single Pokémon.
25 : A spray-type medicine for treating wounds. It can be used to restore 120 HP to an injured Pokémon.
26 : A spray-type medicine for treating wounds. It can be used to restore 60 HP to an injured Pokémon.
27 : A spray-type medicine that is broadly effective. It can be used once to heal all the status conditions of a Pokémon.
28 : A medicine that can revive fainted Pokémon. It also restores half of a fainted Pokémon’s maximum HP.
29 : A medicine that can revive fainted Pokémon. It also fully restores a fainted Pokémon’s maximum HP.
30 : Water with a high mineral content. When consumed, it restores up to 30 HP to an injured Pokémon.
31 : A highly carbonated soda drink. When consumed, it restores up to 50 HP to an injured Pokémon.
32 : A very sweet and refreshing drink. When consumed, it restores up to 70 HP to an injured Pokémon.
33 : A bottle of highly nutritious milk. When consumed, it restores up to 100 HP to an injured Pokémon.
34 : A very bitter medicinal powder. When consumed, it restores up to 60 HP to an injured Pokémon.
35 : An extremely bitter medicinal root. When consumed, it restores up to 120 HP to an injured Pokémon.
36 : A very bitter medicinal powder. It can be used once to heal all the status conditions of a Pokémon.
37 : A terribly bitter medicinal herb. It revives a fainted Pokémon and fully restores its maximum HP.
38 : This medicine can restore 10 PP to a single selected move that has been learned by a Pokémon.
39 : This medicine can fully restore the PP of a single selected move that has been learned by a Pokémon.
40 : This medicine can restore 10 PP to each of the moves that have been learned by a Pokémon.
41 : This medicine can fully restore the PP of all of the moves that have been learned by a Pokémon.
42 : Lavaridge Town’s local specialty. It can be used once to heal all the status conditions of a Pokémon.
43 : A 100 percent pure juice made of Berries. When consumed, it restores 20 HP to an injured Pokémon.
44 : This rare ash can revive all fainted Pokémon in a party. In doing so, it also fully restores their maximum HP.
45 : A nutritious drink for Pokémon. When consumed, it raises the base HP of a single Pokémon.
46 : A nutritious drink for Pokémon. When consumed, it raises the base Attack stat of a single Pokémon.
47 : A nutritious drink for Pokémon. When consumed, it raises the base Defense stat of a single Pokémon.
48 : A nutritious drink for Pokémon. When consumed, it raises the base Speed stat of a single Pokémon.
49 : A nutritious drink for Pokémon. When consumed, it raises the base Sp. Atk stat of a single Pokémon.
50 : A candy that is packed with energy. When consumed, it will instantly raise the level of a single Pokémon by one.
51 : A medicine that can slightly raise the maximum PP of a single move that has been learned by the target Pokémon.
52 : A nutritious drink for Pokémon. When consumed, it raises the base Sp. Def stat of a single Pokémon.
53 : A medicine that can optimally raise the maximum PP of a single move that has been learned by the target Pokémon.
54 : The Old Chateau’s hidden specialty. It can be used once to heal all the status conditions of a Pokémon.
55 : An item that prevents stat reduction among the Trainer’s party Pokémon for five turns after it is used in battle.
56 : An item that raises the critical-hit ratio greatly. It can be used only once and wears off if the Pokémon is withdrawn.
57 : An item that sharply boosts the Attack stat of a Pokémon during a battle. It wears off once the Pokémon is withdrawn.
58 : An item that sharply boosts the Defense stat of a Pokémon during a battle. It wears off once the Pokémon is withdrawn.
59 : An item that sharply boosts the Speed stat of a Pokémon during a battle. It wears off once the Pokémon is withdrawn.
60 : An item that sharply boosts the accuracy of a Pokémon during a battle. It wears off once the Pokémon is withdrawn.
61 : An item that sharply boosts the Sp. Atk stat of a Pokémon during a battle. It wears off once the Pokémon is withdrawn.
62 : An item that sharply boosts the Sp. Def stat of a Pokémon during a battle. It wears off once the Pokémon is withdrawn.
63 : A doll that attracts the attention of a Pokémon. It guarantees escape from any battle with wild Pokémon.
64 : A toy that attracts the attention of a Pokémon. It guarantees escape from any battle with wild Pokémon.
65 : A flute made from blue glass that awakens sleeping Pokémon.
66 : A flute made from yellow glass that snaps Pokémon out of confusion.
67 : A flute made from red glass that snaps Pokémon out of infatuation.
68 : A flute made from black glass. It makes it easier to encounter strong Pokémon in the place you use it.
69 : A flute made from white glass. It makes it easier to encounter weak Pokémon in the place you use it.
70 : Salt that you found inside Shoal Cave.
71 : A seashell that you found inside Shoal Cave.
72 : A small red shard. It appears to be a fragment of some sort of implement made long ago.
73 : A small blue shard. It appears to be a fragment of some sort of implement made long ago.
74 : A small yellow shard. It appears to be a fragment of some sort of implement made long ago.
75 : A small green shard. It appears to be a fragment of some sort of implement made long ago.
76 : An item that prevents any low-level wild Pokémon from jumping out at you for a while. It lasts longer than Repel.
77 : An item that prevents any low-level wild Pokémon from jumping out at you for a while. It lasts longer than Super Repel.
78 : A long and durable rope. Use it to escape instantly from a cave or a dungeon.
79 : An item that prevents any low-level wild Pokémon from jumping out at you for a while.
80 : A peculiar stone that can make certain species of Pokémon evolve. It burns as red as the evening sun.
81 : A peculiar stone that can make certain species of Pokémon evolve. It is as black as the night sky.
82 : A peculiar stone that can make certain species of Pokémon evolve. The stone has a fiery orange heart.
83 : A peculiar stone that can make certain species of Pokémon evolve. It has a distinct thunderbolt pattern.
84 : A peculiar stone that can make certain species of Pokémon evolve. It is the blue of a pool of clear water.
85 : A peculiar stone that can make certain species of Pokémon evolve. It has an unmistakable leaf pattern.
86 : A very small and rare mushroom. It’s popular with a certain class of collectors and sought out by them.
87 : A very large and rare mushroom. It’s popular with a certain class of collectors and sought out by them.
88 : A rather small pearl that has a very nice silvery sheen to it. It can be sold cheaply to shops.
89 : A rather large pearl that has a very nice silvery sheen. It can be sold to shops for a high price.
90 : Lovely red sand that flows between the fingers with a loose, silky feel. It can be sold at a low price to shops.
91 : A small shard of a beautiful gem that demonstrates a distinctly red sparkle. It can be sold at a high price to shops.
92 : A nugget of the purest gold that gives off a lustrous gleam in direct light. It can be sold at a high price to shops.
93 : A pretty, heart-shaped scale that is extremely rare. Some people are happy to receive one.
94 : A sweet honey with a lush aroma that attracts wild Pokémon when it is used in tall grass, in caves, or on special trees.
95 : A fertilizer for growing Berries. However, it appears to be unsuitable for the soil in the Hoenn region and has no effect.
96 : A fertilizer for growing Berries. However, it appears to be unsuitable for the soil in the Hoenn region and has no effect.
97 : A fertilizer for growing Berries. However, it appears to be unsuitable for the soil in the Hoenn region and has no effect.
98 : A fertilizer for growing Berries. However, it appears to be unsuitable for the soil in the Hoenn region and has no effect.
99 : A fossil from a prehistoric Pokémon that once lived in the sea. It looks as if it could be part of a plant’s root.
100 : A fossil from a prehistoric Pokémon that once lived in the sea. It appears to be a fragment of a claw.
101 : A fossil from a prehistoric Pokémon that once lived in the sea. It might be a piece of a seashell.
102 : A fossil from a prehistoric Pokémon that once lived in the sea. It could be a shell or carapace.
103 : A piece of amber that still contains the genetic material of an ancient Pokémon. It’s clear with a tawny, reddish tint.
104 : A fossil from a prehistoric Pokémon that once lived on the land. It looks to be from some kind of protective collar.
105 : A fossil from a prehistoric Pokémon that once lived on the land. It appears as though it’s part of a head.
106 : A rare bone that is extremely valuable for the study of Pokémon archeology. It can be sold for a high price to shops.
107 : A peculiar stone that can make certain species of Pokémon evolve. It shines with a dazzling light.
108 : A peculiar stone that can make certain species of Pokémon evolve. It holds shadows as dark as can be.
109 : A peculiar stone that can make certain species of Pokémon evolve. It sparkles like a glittering eye.
110 : A peculiar stone that can make certain species of Pokémon evolve. It’s as round as a Pokémon Egg.
111 : A vital item that is needed to keep a stone tower from collapsing. Voices can be heard from it occasionally.
112 : A glowing orb to be held by Giratina. It boosts the power of Dragon- and Ghost-type moves when it is held.
113 : - - -
114 : - - -
115 : - - -
116 : A cassette to be held by Genesect. It changes Genesect’s Techno Blast move so it becomes Water type.
117 : A cassette to be held by Genesect. It changes Genesect’s Techno Blast move so it becomes Electric type.
118 : A cassette to be held by Genesect. It changes Genesect’s Techno Blast move so it becomes Fire type.
119 : A cassette to be held by Genesect. It changes Genesect’s Techno Blast move so it becomes Ice type.
120 : - - -
121 : - - -
122 : - - -
123 : - - -
124 : - - -
125 : - - -
126 : - - -
127 : - - -
128 : - - -
129 : - - -
130 : - - -
131 : - - -
132 : - - -
133 : - - -
134 : A piece of cloyingly sweet chocolate. When consumed, it restores 20 HP to an injured Pokémon.
135 : A brightly gleaming orb to be held by Dialga. It boosts the power of Dragon- and Steel-type moves when it is held.
136 : A beautifully glowing orb to be held by Palkia. It boosts the power of Dragon- and Water-type moves when it is held.
137 : Stationery designed to be easy to use when writing someone for the first time. Have a Pokémon hold it for delivery.
138 : Stationery designed to make it easier to write about your favorite things. Have a Pokémon hold it for delivery.
139 : Stationery designed to allow you to extend an invitation to the recipient. Have a Pokémon hold it for delivery.
140 : Stationery designed to make it easy for you to express thanks. Have a Pokémon hold it for delivery.
141 : Stationery designed to make it easier to pose a question about something. Have a Pokémon hold it for delivery.
142 : Stationery designed to allow you to recommend something to the reader. Have a Pokémon hold it for delivery.
143 : Stationery designed to make it easy to respond to a letter you received. Have a Pokémon hold it for delivery.
144 : Stationery featuring an illustration of a bridge that seems to pierce the sky. Have a Pokémon hold it for delivery.
145 : Stationery featuring an illustration of a bright-red drawbridge. Have a Pokémon hold it for delivery.
146 : Stationery featuring an illustration of a high-tension steel suspension bridge. Have a Pokémon hold it for delivery.
147 : Stationery featuring an illustration of a vintage-looking brick bridge. Have a Pokémon hold it for delivery.
148 : Stationery featuring an illustration of a majestically arched bridge. Have a Pokémon hold it for delivery.
149 : A Berry to be consumed by Pokémon. If a Pokémon holds one, it can recover from paralysis on its own in battle.
150 : A Berry to be consumed by Pokémon. If a Pokémon holds one, it can recover from sleep on its own in battle.
151 : A Berry to be consumed by Pokémon. If a Pokémon holds one, it can recover from poisoning on its own in battle.
152 : A Berry to be consumed by Pokémon. If a Pokémon holds one, it can recover from a burn on its own in battle.
153 : A Berry to be consumed by Pokémon. If a Pokémon holds one, it can recover from being frozen on its own in battle.
154 : A Berry to be consumed by Pokémon. If a Pokémon holds one, it can restore 10 PP to a depleted move during battle.
155 : A Berry to be consumed by Pokémon. If a Pokémon holds one, it can restore its own HP by 10 points during battle.
156 : A Berry to be consumed by Pokémon. If a Pokémon holds one, it can recover from confusion on its own in battle.
157 : A Berry to be consumed by Pokémon. If a Pokémon holds one, it can recover from any status condition during battle.
158 : A Berry to be consumed by Pokémon. If a Pokémon holds one, it can restore its own HP by a small amount during battle.
159 : If held by a Pokémon, it restores the user’s HP in a pinch, but it will cause confusion if the user hates the taste.
160 : If held by a Pokémon, it restores the user’s HP in a pinch, but it will cause confusion if the user hates the taste.
161 : If held by a Pokémon, it restores the user’s HP in a pinch, but it will cause confusion if the user hates the taste.
162 : If held by a Pokémon, it restores the user’s HP in a pinch, but it will cause confusion if the user hates the taste.
163 : If held by a Pokémon, it restores the user’s HP in a pinch, but it will cause confusion if the user hates the taste.
164 : Used to make Pokéblocks that will enhance your Coolness. Its red flesh is spicy when eaten.
165 : Used to make Pokéblocks that will enhance your Beauty. Its blue flesh is sour when eaten.
166 : Used to make Pokéblocks that will enhance your Cuteness. Its pink flesh is sweet when eaten.
167 : Used to make Pokéblocks that will enhance your Cleverness. Its green flesh is bitter when eaten.
168 : Used to make Pokéblocks that will enhance your Toughness. Its yellow flesh is sour when eaten.
169 : A Berry to be consumed by Pokémon. Using it on a Pokémon makes it more friendly but lowers its base HP.
170 : A Berry to be consumed by Pokémon. Using it on a Pokémon makes it more friendly but lowers its base Attack.
171 : A Berry to be consumed by Pokémon. Using it on a Pokémon makes it more friendly but lowers its base Defense.
172 : A Berry to be consumed by Pokémon. Using it on a Pokémon makes it more friendly but lowers its base Sp. Atk.
173 : A Berry to be consumed by Pokémon. Using it on a Pokémon makes it more friendly but lowers its base Sp. Def.
174 : A Berry to be consumed by Pokémon. Using it on a Pokémon makes it more friendly but lowers its base Speed.
175 : Used to make Pokéblocks that will enhance your Beauty, this Berry is rare in other regions.
176 : Used to make Pokéblocks that will enhance your Cuteness, this Berry is rare in other regions.
177 : Used to make Pokéblocks that will enhance your Cleverness, this Berry is rare in other regions.
178 : Used to make Pokéblocks that will enhance your Toughness, this Berry is rare in other regions.
179 : Used to make Pokéblocks that will enhance your Cuteness, this Berry is rare in other regions.
180 : Used to make Pokéblocks that will enhance your Beauty, this Berry is rare in other regions.
181 : Used to make Pokéblocks that will enhance your Cleverness, this Berry is rare in other regions.
182 : Used to make Pokéblocks that will enhance your Cleverness, this Berry is rare in other regions.
183 : Used to make Pokéblocks that will enhance your Beauty, this Berry is rare in other regions.
184 : If held by a Pokémon, this Berry will lessen the damage taken from one supereffective Fire-type attack.
185 : If held by a Pokémon, this Berry will lessen the damage taken from one supereffective Water-type attack.
186 : If held by a Pokémon, this Berry will lessen the damage taken from one supereffective Electric-type attack.
187 : If held by a Pokémon, this Berry will lessen the damage taken from one supereffective Grass-type attack.
188 : If held by a Pokémon, this Berry will lessen the damage taken from one supereffective Ice-type attack.
189 : If held by a Pokémon, this Berry will lessen the damage taken from one supereffective Fighting-type attack.
190 : If held by a Pokémon, this Berry will lessen the damage taken from one supereffective Poison-type attack.
191 : If held by a Pokémon, this Berry will lessen the damage taken from one supereffective Ground-type attack.
192 : If held by a Pokémon, this Berry will lessen the damage taken from one supereffective Flying-type attack.
193 : If held by a Pokémon, this Berry will lessen the damage taken from one supereffective Psychic-type attack.
194 : If held by a Pokémon, this Berry will lessen the damage taken from one supereffective Bug-type attack.
195 : If held by a Pokémon, this Berry will lessen the damage taken from one supereffective Rock-type attack.
196 : If held by a Pokémon, this Berry will lessen the damage taken from one supereffective Ghost-type attack.
197 : If held by a Pokémon, this Berry will lessen the damage taken from one supereffective Dragon-type attack.
198 : If held by a Pokémon, this Berry will lessen the damage taken from one supereffective Dark-type attack.
199 : If held by a Pokémon, this Berry will lessen the damage taken from one supereffective Steel-type attack.
200 : If held by a Pokémon, this Berry will lessen the damage taken from one Normal-type attack.
201 : A Berry to be consumed by Pokémon. If a Pokémon holds one, its Attack stat will increase when it’s in a pinch.
202 : A Berry to be consumed by Pokémon. If a Pokémon holds one, its Defense stat will increase when it’s in a pinch.
203 : A Berry to be consumed by Pokémon. If a Pokémon holds one, its Speed stat will increase when it’s in a pinch.
204 : A Berry to be consumed by Pokémon. If a Pokémon holds one, its Sp. Atk stat will increase when it’s in a pinch.
205 : A Berry to be consumed by Pokémon. If a Pokémon holds one, its Sp. Def stat will increase when it’s in a pinch.
206 : A Berry to be consumed by Pokémon. If a Pokémon holds one, its critical-hit ratio will increase when it’s in a pinch.
207 : A Berry to be consumed by Pokémon. If a Pokémon holds one, one of its stats will sharply increase when it’s in a pinch.
208 : A Berry to be consumed by Pokémon. If a Pokémon holds one, being hit by a supereffective attack will restore its HP.
209 : A Berry to be consumed by Pokémon. If a Pokémon holds one, its accuracy will increase just once when it’s in a pinch.
210 : A Berry to be consumed by Pokémon. If a Pokémon holds one, it will be able to move first just once when it’s in a pinch.
211 : A Berry to be consumed by Pokémon. If a physical attack hits the Pokémon holding it, the attacker will also be hurt.
212 : A Berry to be consumed by Pokémon. If a special attack hits the Pokémon holding it, the attacker will also be hurt.
213 : An item to be held by a Pokémon. It casts a tricky glare that lowers the opposing Pokémon’s accuracy.
214 : An item to be held by a Pokémon. It will restore any lowered stat in battle. It can be used only once.
215 : An item to be held by a Pokémon. This stiff, heavy brace helps Pokémon grow strong but cuts Speed in battle.
216 : Turning on this special device will allow all the Pokémon on your team to receive Exp. Points from battles.
217 : An item to be held by a Pokémon. This light, sharp claw lets the bearer move first occasionally.
218 : An item to be held by a Pokémon. The comforting chime of this bell calms the holder, making it friendly.
219 : An item to be held by a Pokémon. The holder shakes off move-binding effects to move freely. It can be used only once.
220 : An item to be held by a Pokémon. This curious headband boosts Attack but only allows the use of one move.
221 : An item to be held by a Pokémon. When the holder successfully inflicts damage, the target may also flinch.
222 : An item to be held by a Pokémon. It’s a shiny, silver powder that will boost the power of Bug-type moves.
223 : An item to be held by a Pokémon. It doubles any prize money received if the holding Pokémon joins a battle.
224 : An item to be held by a Pokémon. It helps keep wild Pokémon away if the holder is the head of the party.
225 : A wondrous orb to be held by either Latios or Latias. It raises the power of Psychic- and Dragon-type moves.
226 : An item to be held by Clamperl. This fang gleams a sharp silver and raises the holder’s Sp. Atk stat.
227 : An item to be held by Clamperl. This scale shines with a faint pink and raises the holder’s Sp. Def stat.
228 : An item to be held by a Pokémon. It enables the holder to flee from any wild Pokémon encounter without fail.
229 : An item to be held by a Pokémon. A Pokémon holding this peculiar stone is prevented from evolving.
230 : An item to be held by a Pokémon. The holder may endure a potential KO attack, leaving it with just 1 HP.
231 : An item to be held by a Pokémon. It’s an egg filled with happiness that earns extra Exp. Points in battle.
232 : An item to be held by a Pokémon. It’s a lens for scoping out weak points. It boosts the holder’s critical-hit ratio.
233 : An item to be held by a Pokémon. It’s a special metallic film that can boost the power of Steel-type moves.
234 : An item to be held by a Pokémon. The holder’s HP is slowly but steadily restored throughout every battle.
235 : A very tough and inflexible scale. Dragon-type Pokémon may be holding this item when caught.
236 : An item to be held by Pikachu. It’s a puzzling orb that boosts its Attack and Sp. Atk stats.
237 : An item to be held by a Pokémon. It’s a loose, silky sand that boosts the power of Ground-type moves.
238 : An item to be held by a Pokémon. It’s a durable stone that boosts the power of Rock-type moves.
239 : An item to be held by a Pokémon. It’s a seed imbued with life force that boosts the power of Grass-type moves.
240 : An item to be held by a Pokémon. A pair of shady-looking glasses that boost the power of Dark-type moves.
241 : An item to be held by a Pokémon. This belt helps the wearer to focus and boosts the power of Fighting-type moves.
242 : An item to be held by a Pokémon. It’s a powerful magnet that boosts the power of Electric-type moves.
243 : An item to be held by a Pokémon. This teardrop-shaped gem boosts the power of Water-type moves.
244 : An item to be held by a Pokémon. It’s a long, sharp beak that boosts the power of Flying-type moves.
245 : An item to be held by a Pokémon. This small, poisonous barb boosts the power of Poison-type moves.
246 : An item to be held by a Pokémon. It’s a heat- repelling piece of ice that boosts the power of  Ice-type moves.
247 : An item to be held by a Pokémon. It’s a sinister, eerie tag that boosts the power of Ghost-type moves.
248 : An item to be held by a Pokémon. This spoon is imbued with telekinetic power and boosts Psychic-type moves.
249 : An item to be held by a Pokémon. It’s a combustible fuel that boosts the power of Fire-type moves.
250 : An item to be held by a Pokémon. This hard and sharp fang boosts the power of Dragon-type moves.
251 : An item to be held by a Pokémon. It’s a sumptuous scarf that boosts the power of Normal-type moves.
252 : A transparent device somehow filled with all sorts of data. It was produced by Silph Co.
253 : An item to be held by a Pokémon. The holder regains a little HP every time it inflicts damage on others.
254 : An item to be held by a Pokémon. This incense has a curious aroma that boosts the power of Water-type moves.
255 : An item to be held by a Pokémon. The beguiling aroma of this incense may cause attacks to miss its holder.
256 : An item to be held by Chansey. This pair of lucky boxing gloves will boost Chansey’s critical-hit ratio.
257 : An item to be held by Ditto. Extremely fine yet hard, this odd powder boosts the Defense stat.
258 : An item to be held by Cubone or Marowak. It’s a hard bone of some sort that boosts the Attack stat.
259 : An item to be held by Farfetch’d. This very long and stiff stalk of leek boosts its critical-hit ratio.
260 : An item to be held by a Pokémon. During a contest, it raises the Cool aspect of the Pokémon holding it.
261 : An item to be held by a Pokémon. During a contest, it raises the Beauty aspect of the Pokémon holding it.
262 : An item to be held by a Pokémon. During a contest, it raises the Cute aspect of the Pokémon holding it.
263 : An item to be held by a Pokémon. During a contest, it raises the Clever aspect of the Pokémon holding it.
264 : An item to be held by a Pokémon. During a contest, it raises the Tough aspect of the Pokémon holding it.
265 : An item to be held by a Pokémon. It’s a magnifying lens that slightly boosts the accuracy of moves.
266 : An item to be held by a Pokémon. This headband exudes strength, slightly boosting the power of physical moves.
267 : An item to be held by a Pokémon. This thick pair of glasses slightly boosts the power of special moves.
268 : An item to be held by a Pokémon. It’s a well-worn belt that slightly boosts the power of supereffective moves.
269 : An item to be held by a Pokémon. Protective moves like Light Screen and Reflect will be effective longer.
270 : An item to be held by a Pokémon. It boosts the power of moves, but at the cost of some HP on each hit.
271 : A single-use item to be held by a Pokémon. It allows the holder to immediately use a move that normally requires a turn to charge.
272 : An item to be held by a Pokémon. It’s a bizarre orb that will badly poison the holder during battle.
273 : An item to be held by a Pokémon. It’s a bizarre orb that will afflict the holder with a burn during battle.
274 : An item to be held by Ditto. Extremely fine yet hard, this odd powder boosts the Speed stat.
275 : An item to be held by a Pokémon. If the holder has full HP, it will endure a potential KO attack with 1 HP. The item then disappears.
276 : An item to be held by a Pokémon. If the holder moves after its target moves, its accuracy will be boosted.
277 : An item to be held by a Pokémon. It boosts moves used consecutively, but only until a different move is used.
278 : An item to be held by a Pokémon. It lowers Speed and allows Ground-type moves to hit Flying-type and levitating holders.
279 : An item to be held by a Pokémon. It is tremendously heavy and makes the holder move slower than usual.
280 : An item to be held by a Pokémon. If the holder becomes infatuated, the opposing Pokémon will be, too.
281 : An item to be held by a Pokémon. It gradually restores HP to Poison-type Pokémon. It damages any other type.
282 : An item to be held by a Pokémon. It extends the duration of the move Hail when used by the holder.
283 : An item to be held by a Pokémon. It extends the duration of the move Sandstorm when used by the holder.
284 : An item to be held by a Pokémon. It extends the duration of the move Sunny Day when used by the holder.
285 : An item to be held by a Pokémon. It extends the duration of the move Rain Dance when used by the holder.
286 : An item to be held by a Pokémon. It extends the duration of multi-turn attacks like Bind and Wrap.
287 : An item to be held by a Pokémon. This curious scarf boosts Speed but only allows the use of one move.
288 : An item to be held by a Pokémon. It damages the holder every turn and may latch on to Pokémon that touch the holder.
289 : An item to be held by a Pokémon. It reduces Speed but allows the holder’s Attack stat to grow more after battling.
290 : An item to be held by a Pokémon. It reduces Speed but allows the holder’s Defense stat to grow more after battling.
291 : An item to be held by a Pokémon. It reduces Speed but allows the holder’s Sp. Atk stat to grow more after battling.
292 : An item to be held by a Pokémon. It reduces Speed but allows the holder’s Sp. Def stat to grow more after battling.
293 : An item to be held by a Pokémon. It reduces Speed but allows the holder’s Speed stat to grow more after battling.
294 : An item to be held by a Pokémon. It reduces Speed but allows the holder’s maximum HP to grow more after battling.
295 : An item to be held by a Pokémon. This discarded carapace enables the holder to switch out of battle without fail.
296 : An item to be held by a Pokémon. It boosts the amount of HP the holder recovers from  HP-stealing moves.
297 : An item to be held by a Pokémon. These curious glasses boost Sp. Atk but only allow the use of one move.
298 : An item to be held by a Pokémon. It’s a stone tablet that boosts the power of Fire-type moves.
299 : An item to be held by a Pokémon. It’s a stone tablet that boosts the power of Water-type moves.
300 : An item to be held by a Pokémon. It’s a stone tablet that boosts the power of Electric-type moves.
301 : An item to be held by a Pokémon. It’s a stone tablet that boosts the power of Grass-type moves.
302 : An item to be held by a Pokémon. It’s a stone tablet that boosts the power of Ice-type moves.
303 : An item to be held by a Pokémon. It’s a stone tablet that boosts the power of Fighting-type moves.
304 : An item to be held by a Pokémon. It’s a stone tablet that boosts the power of Poison-type moves.
305 : An item to be held by a Pokémon. It’s a stone tablet that boosts the power of Ground-type moves.
306 : An item to be held by a Pokémon. It’s a stone tablet that boosts the power of Flying-type moves.
307 : An item to be held by a Pokémon. It’s a stone tablet that boosts the power of Psychic-type moves.
308 : An item to be held by a Pokémon. It’s a stone tablet that boosts the power of Bug-type moves.
309 : An item to be held by a Pokémon. It’s a stone tablet that boosts the power of Rock-type moves.
310 : An item to be held by a Pokémon. It’s a stone tablet that boosts the power of Ghost-type moves.
311 : An item to be held by a Pokémon. It’s a stone tablet that boosts the power of Dragon-type moves.
312 : An item to be held by a Pokémon. It’s a stone tablet that boosts the power of Dark-type moves.
313 : An item to be held by a Pokémon. It’s a stone tablet that boosts the power of Steel-type moves.
314 : An item to be held by a Pokémon. This exotic-smelling incense boosts the power of Psychic-type moves.
315 : An item to be held by a Pokémon. This exotic-smelling incense boosts the power of Rock-type moves.
316 : An item to be held by a Pokémon. This exotic-smelling incense makes the holder bloated and slow moving.
317 : An item to be held by a Pokémon. This incense has a curious aroma that boosts the power of Water-type moves.
318 : An item to be held by a Pokémon. This exotic-smelling incense boosts the power of Grass-type moves.
319 : An item to be held by a Pokémon. It doubles any prize money received if the holding Pokémon joins a battle.
320 : An item to be held by a Pokémon. It helps keep wild Pokémon away if the holder is the head of the party.
321 : A protective item of some sort. It is extremely stiff and heavy. It’s loved by a certain Pokémon.
322 : A box packed with a tremendous amount of electric energy. It’s loved by a certain Pokémon.
323 : A box packed with a tremendous amount of magma energy. It’s loved by a certain Pokémon.
324 : A transparent device overflowing with dubious data. Its producer is unknown.
325 : A cloth imbued with horrifyingly strong spiritual energy. It’s loved by a certain Pokémon.
326 : An item to be held by a Pokémon. This sharply hooked claw increases the holder’s critical-hit ratio.
327 : An item to be held by a Pokémon. When the holder successfully inflicts damage, the target may also flinch.
328 : The user is roused, and its Attack and Sp. Atk stats increase.
329 : The user slashes the target with huge sharp claws.
330 : The user materializes an odd psychic wave to attack the target. This attack does physical damage.
331 : The user quietly focuses its mind and calms its spirit to raise its Sp. Atk and Sp. Def stats.
332 : The target is scared off, and a different Pokémon is dragged out. In the wild, this ends a battle against a single Pokémon.
333 : A move that leaves the target badly poisoned. Its poison damage worsens every turn.
334 : The user summons a hailstorm lasting five turns. It damages all Pokémon except the Ice type.
335 : The user tenses its muscles to bulk up its body, raising both its Attack and Defense stats.
336 : The user drenches the target in a special poisonous liquid. This move’s power is doubled if the target is poisoned.
337 : A unique attack that varies in type depending on the Pokémon using it.
338 : The user intensifies the sun for five turns, powering up Fire-type moves. This also weakens the power of Water-type moves.
339 : The target is taunted into a rage that allows it to use only attack moves for three turns.
340 : The target is struck with an icy-cold beam of energy. This may also leave the target frozen.
341 : A howling blizzard is summoned to strike opposing Pokémon. This may also leave the opposing Pokémon frozen.
342 : The target is attacked with a powerful beam. The user can’t move on the next turn.
343 : A wondrous wall of light is put up to reduce damage from special attacks for five turns.
344 : Enables the user to evade all attacks. Its chance of failing rises if it is used in succession.
345 : The user summons a heavy rain that falls for five turns, powering up Water-type moves. It lowers the power of Fire-type moves.
346 : The user lands and rests its body. It restores the user’s HP by up to half of its max HP.
347 : The user creates a protective field that prevents status conditions for five turns.
348 : This full-power attack grows more powerful the less the user likes its Trainer.
349 : In this two-turn attack, the user gathers light, then blasts a bundled beam on the next turn.
350 : The user throws a stone or similar projectile to attack an opponent. A flying Pokémon will fall to the ground when it’s hit.
351 : A strong electric blast crashes down on the target. This may also leave the target with paralysis.
352 : A wicked thunderbolt is dropped on the target to inflict damage. This may also leave the target with paralysis.
353 : The user sets off an earthquake that strikes every Pokémon around it.
354 : This full-power attack grows more powerful the more the user likes its Trainer.
355 : The user drains the target’s blood. The user’s HP is restored by half the damage taken by the target.
356 : The target is hit by a strong telekinetic force. This may also lower the target’s Sp. Def stat.
357 : The user hurls a shadowy blob at the target. This may also lower the target’s Sp. Def stat.
358 : The user attacks with a swift chop. It can also break barriers, such as Light Screen and Reflect.
359 : By moving rapidly, the user makes illusory copies of itself to raise its evasiveness.
360 : A wondrous wall of light is put up to reduce damage from physical attacks for five turns.
361 : The user strikes everything around it by swamping the area with a giant sludge wave. This may also poison those hit.
362 : The target is scorched with an intense blast of fire. This may also leave the target with a burn.
363 : Unsanitary sludge is hurled at the target. This may also poison the target.
364 : A five-turn sandstorm is summoned to hurt all combatants except the Rock, Ground, and Steel types. Raises the Sp. Def of Rock types.
365 : The target is attacked with an intense blast of all-consuming fire. This may also leave the target with a burn.
366 : Boulders are hurled at the target. This also lowers the target’s Speed stat by preventing its movement.
367 : The user confounds the target with speed, then slashes. This attack never misses.
368 : The user torments and enrages the target, making it incapable of using the same move twice in a row.
369 : This attack move doubles its power if the user is poisoned or burned, or if it has paralysis.
370 : Cloaking itself in flame, the user attacks. Then, building up more power, the user raises its Speed stat.
371 : The user goes to sleep for two turns. This fully restores the user’s HP and heals any status conditions.
372 : If it is the opposite gender of the user, the target becomes infatuated and less likely to attack.
373 : The user attacks and steals the target’s held item simultaneously. The user can’t steal anything if it already holds an item.
374 : The user makes a swift attack on the target’s legs, which lowers the target’s Speed stat.
375 : The user attacks the target with a song. Others can join in the Round to increase the power of the attack.
376 : The user attacks the target with an echoing voice. If this move is used every turn, its power is increased.
377 : The user attacks the target at full power. The attack’s recoil harshly lowers the user’s Sp. Atk stat.
378 : The target is hit with wings of steel. This may also raise the user’s Defense stat.
379 : The user heightens its mental focus and unleashes its power. This may also lower the target’s Sp. Def.
380 : The user draws power from nature and fires it at the target. This may also lower the target’s Sp. Def.
381 : A restrained attack that prevents the target from fainting. The target is left with at least 1 HP.
382 : The user shoots boiling hot water at its target. This may also leave the target with a burn.
383 : The user flings its held item at the target to attack. This move’s power and effects depend on the item.
384 : The user attacks with an electric charge. The user may use any remaining electricity to raise its Sp. Atk stat.
385 : The user takes the target into the sky, then drops it during the next turn. The target cannot attack while in the sky.
386 : The user swings its body around violently to inflict damage on everything in its vicinity.
387 : The user suppresses the target and makes its move go last.
388 : The user shoots a sinister, bluish-white flame at the target to inflict a burn.
389 : The user nimbly strikes the target. If the user is not holding an item, this attack inflicts massive damage.
390 : This move prevents the target from using its held item for five turns. Its Trainer is also prevented from using items on it.
391 : The user attacks everything around it by causing a tremendous explosion. The user faints upon using this move.
392 : The user slashes with a sharp claw made from shadows. Critical hits land more easily.
393 : The user stores power, then attacks. If the user moves after the target, this attack’s power will be doubled.
394 : The user stabs the target with a sharp horn. The attack never misses.
395 : The user charges at the target using every bit of its power. The user can’t move on the next turn.
396 : The user polishes its body to reduce drag. This can sharply raise the Speed stat.
397 : This move reduces damage from physical and special moves for five turns. This can be used only in a hailstorm.
398 : The user stabs the target from below with sharpened stones. Critical hits land more easily.
399 : After making its attack, the user rushes back to switch places with a party Pokémon in waiting.
400 : The user launches a weak jolt of electricity that paralyzes the target.
401 : The user tackles the target with a high-speed spin. The slower the user compared to the target, the greater the move’s power.
402 : A frenetic dance to uplift the fighting spirit. This sharply raises the user’s Attack stat.
403 : The user soars and then strikes its target on the next turn.
404 : The user hypnotizes itself into copying any stat change made by the target.
405 : The user strikes everything around it by stomping down on the ground. This lowers the Speed stat of those hit.
406 : The user blows its cold breath on the target. This attack always results in a critical hit.
407 : Large boulders are hurled at the opposing Pokémon to inflict damage. This may also make the opposing Pokémon flinch.
408 : The user slashes at the target by crossing its scythes or claws as if they were a pair of scissors.
409 : The target is knocked away, and a different Pokémon is dragged out. In the wild, this ends a battle against a single Pokémon.
410 : The target is infested and attacked for four to five turns. The target can’t flee during this time.
411 : The target is stabbed with a tentacle or arm steeped in poison. This may also poison the target.
412 : The user eats the dreams of a sleeping target. It absorbs half the damage caused to heal its own HP.
413 : The user snares the target with grass and trips it. The heavier the target, the greater the move’s power.
414 : The user enrages and confuses the target. However, this also sharply raises the target’s Attack stat.
415 : While it is asleep, the user randomly uses one of the moves it knows.
416 : After making its attack, the user rushes back to switch places with a party Pokémon in waiting.
417 : The user makes a copy of itself using some of its HP. The copy serves as the user’s decoy.
418 : The user gathers all its light energy and releases it all at once. This may also lower the target’s Sp. Def stat.
419 : The user creates a bizarre area in which slower Pokémon get to move first for five turns.
420 : The target is cut with a scythe or claw. This can also be used to cut down thin trees.
421 : The user soars and then strikes its target on the next turn. This can also be used to fly to any familiar town.
422 : The user attacks everything around it by swamping its surroundings with a giant wave.
423 : The target is slugged with a punch thrown at maximum power. This can also be used to move heavy boulders.
424 : The user charges at the target and may make it flinch. This can also be used to climb a waterfall.
425 : The user attacks with a punch. This may also lower the target’s Defense stat. This move can also shatter rocks in the field.
426 : - - -
427 : - - -
428 : A bag filled with convenient tools for exploring. It provides access to the Underground in the Sinnoh region.
429 : A sturdy, spacious bag that is used to carry any treasures or loot obtained in the coal mine.
430 : It lists the rules for holding battles. For Link Battles, you may choose which set of rules you wish to use.
431 : A tool that can search out Pokémon that are hiding in the tall grass. Its battery is recharged as you walk.
432 : A card that lists how many Battle Points you have earned.
433 : A notebook that keeps a day-to-day record of your adventure so far.
434 : A case for storing Seals that can be applied to the exteriors of Poké Balls.
435 : A lovely case to store colorful Props for your Pokémon to wear in a musical.
436 : A tiny bag that can hold 10 Seals for decorating Poké Balls.
437 : A convenient notepad that is used to register your Friends and friend codes and keep a record of your gameplay.
438 : A large key for operating the doors of the Valley Windworks in the canyon. It was held by a Team Galactic Grunt.
439 : An ancient good-luck charm made of Pokémon bones to be taken to the elder of Celestic Town.
440 : A card key for disengaging the security systems in the Galactic HQ. Losing it can result in punishment, apparently.
441 : A mythical chain that is said to link the Legendary Pokémon that created the Sinnoh region.
442 : A very convenient map that can be viewed anytime. It even shows you your present location in the region.
443 : A device that indicates Trainers who want to battle. Its battery charges while you walk.
444 : A case for holding coins obtained at the Game Corner. It can hold up to 50,000 coins.
445 : An old and beat-up fishing rod. Use it at any body of water to fish for wild aquatic Pokémon.
446 : A new, good-quality fishing rod. Use it at any body of water to fish for wild aquatic Pokémon.
447 : An awesome, high-tech fishing rod. Use it at any body of water to fish for wild aquatic Pokémon.
448 : A watering can shaped like a Psyduck. It helps promote the healthy growth of any Berries planted in good, soft soil.
449 : A case for storing Poffins cooked from Berries.
450 : A folding Bike that enables a rider to get around much faster than with Running Shoes.
451 : A key to one of the suites at a certain luxury hotel by a lake. For some odd reason, it often disappears.
452 : A letter from Professor Oak. Written in it is a request for you to go to Route 224.
453 : A feather that glows like the moon. It’s said to possess the power to dispel nightmares.
454 : A card needed for entering the inn in Canalave City. Oddly, the last date marked on it was 50 years ago.
455 : A flute that puts out echoing sounds that do not seem to be of this world. No one knows who made it.
456 : A ticket required for sailing on the ferry S.S. Aqua. It has a drawing of a ship on its front.
457 : A pass required for entering Pokémon Contests. It has a drawing of an award ribbon on its front.
458 : A stone formed by boulders melting in intensely hot magma, then hardening. Magma remains sealed inside it.
459 : A parcel entrusted into your care. You’re supposed to deliver it to your childhood friend who left Twinleaf Town.
460 : A coupon to be exchanged for a Pokémon Watch— Pokétch for short. Three coupons are needed.
461 : A coupon to be exchanged for a Pokémon Watch— Pokétch for short. Three coupons are needed.
462 : A coupon to be exchanged for a Pokémon Watch— Pokétch for short. Three coupons are needed.
463 : The key to Team Galactic’s sinister warehouse located at the edge of Veilstone City.
464 : A fantastic medicine dispensed by the pharmacy in Cianwood City. It fully heals a Pokémon of any ailment.
465 : An amazing device that can record a battle between friends or the battles at certain special battle facilities.
466 : A flower sometimes bundled in bouquets to convey gratitude on special occasions like birthdays.
467 : A high-tech key that has to be used at a specific location. It emits a special electronic signal to open a door.
468 : A handy box where you can store up to 99 of each kind of Apricorn.
469 : A report of all the discovered kinds of Unown.
470 : Handy containers for cultivating Berries wherever you go.
471 : This high-tech machine shows the location of invisible items. It’s attached to the head when in use.
472 : A card to save points for the Buena’s Password show.
473 : A very tasty tail of something. It can be sold at a high price to shops.
474 : A very old-fashioned bell that makes a gentle ringing sound.
475 : A card key that opens a shutter in the Radio Tower.
476 : A key that opens a door in the Goldenrod Tunnel.
477 : A bottle used for watering plants in the Berry Pots.
478 : A scale from a red Gyarados. It glows red like a flame.
479 : The Mime Jr. doll that was lost by the Copycat.
480 : A pass required for riding the Magnet Train. It allows you to ride whenever and however much you’d like.
481 : An important part of a machine that was stolen from the Power Plant.
482 : A strange, silvery feather that sparkles.
483 : A mystical rainbow feather that sparkles.
484 : A mysterious Egg obtained from Mr. Pokémon. What is in the Egg is unknown.
485 : A red Apricorn. It assails your nostrils.
486 : A blue Apricorn. It smells a bit like grass.
487 : A yellow Apricorn. It has an invigorating scent.
488 : A green Apricorn. It has a mysterious, aromatic scent.
489 : A pink Apricorn. It has a nice, sweet scent.
490 : A white Apricorn. It doesn’t smell like anything.
491 : A black Apricorn. It has a scent beyond one’s experience.
492 : A Poké Ball that makes it easier to catch Pokémon that are usually very quick to run away.
493 : A Poké Ball that makes it easier to catch Pokémon that are at a lower level than your own Pokémon.
494 : A Poké Ball that is good for catching Pokémon that you reel in with a Rod while out fishing.
495 : A Poké Ball that is better than usual at catching very heavy Pokémon.
496 : A Poké Ball that works best when catching a Pokémon that is of the opposite gender of your Pokémon.
497 : A strange Poké Ball that will make the wild Pokémon caught with it more friendly toward you immediately.
498 : A Poké Ball that will make it easier to catch Pokémon that can evolve using a Moon Stone.
499 : A special Poké Ball that is used during the Bug-Catching Contest.
500 : A special Poké Ball for the Pal Park.
501 : A nice photo album for storing all the photos taken along your adventure.
502 : A music player that allows you to listen to nostalgic songs. It’s operated with the flip of a single switch.
503 : A very old-fashioned bell that makes a gentle ringing sound.
504 : Mahogany Town’s famous candy. It can be used once to heal all the status conditions of a Pokémon.
505 : It holds Pokéathlon records. It is a card that shows how many victories you have had in the Pokéathlon.
506 : It holds Pokéathlon records. It is a card that shows how many losses you have had in the Pokéathlon.
507 : It holds Pokéathlon records. It is a card that shows how many times your Pokémon dashed in the Pokéathlon.
508 : It holds Pokéathlon records. It is a card that shows how many times your Pokémon jumped in the Pokéathlon.
509 : It holds Pokéathlon records. It is a card that shows how many times you won the Pokéathlon’s Hurdle Dash.
510 : It holds Pokéathlon records. It is a card that shows how many times you won the Pokéathlon’s Relay Run.
511 : It holds Pokéathlon records. It is a card that shows how many times you won the Pokéathlon’s Pennant Capture.
512 : It holds Pokéathlon records. It is a card that shows how many times you won the Pokéathlon’s Block Smash.
513 : It holds Pokéathlon records. It is a card that shows how many times you won the Pokéathlon’s Disc Catch.
514 : It holds Pokéathlon records. It is a card that shows how many times you won the Pokéathlon’s Snow Throw.
515 : It holds Pokéathlon records. It is a card that shows how many points your Pokémon scored in the Pokéathlon.
516 : It holds Pokéathlon records. It is a card that shows how many times your Pokémon failed in the Pokéathlon.
517 : It holds Pokéathlon records. It is a card that shows how many times your Pokémon impeded themselves.
518 : It holds Pokéathlon records. It is a card that shows how many times your Pokémon tackled in the Pokéathlon.
519 : It holds Pokéathlon records. It is a card that shows how many times your Pokémon fell down in the Pokéathlon.
520 : It holds Pokéathlon records. It is a card that shows how many times you won the Pokéathlon’s Ring Drop.
521 : It holds Pokéathlon records. It is a card that shows how many times you won the Pokéathlon’s Lamp Jump.
522 : It holds Pokéathlon records. It is a card that shows how many times you won the Pokéathlon’s Circle Push.
523 : It holds Pokéathlon records. It is a card that shows how many Link Pokéathlon wins you have had.
524 : It holds Pokéathlon records. It is a card that shows how many Link Pokéathlon losses you have had.
525 : It holds Pokéathlon records. It is a card that shows how many times you have won a Pokéathlon event.
526 : It holds Pokéathlon records. It is a card that shows how many times you have lost a Pokéathlon event.
527 : It holds Pokéathlon records. It is a card that shows how many times you switched Pokémon in the Pokéathlon.
528 : It holds Pokéathlon records. It is a card that shows how many times you won the Pokéathlon’s Goal Roll.
529 : It holds Pokéathlon records. It is a card that shows how many times your Pokémon won individual prizes.
530 : It holds Pokéathlon records. It is a card that shows how many times you instructed your Pokémon.
531 : It holds Pokéathlon records. It is a card that shows how much time you spent participating in the Pokéathlon.
532 : A shiny green orb that is said to have a legend tied to it. It’s known to have a deep connection with the Hoenn region.
533 : A sturdy Capsule that can only be opened with a special key.
534 : A shiny red orb that is said to have a legend tied to it. It’s known to have a deep connection with the Hoenn region.
535 : A shiny blue orb that is said to have a legend tied to it. It’s known to have a deep connection with the Hoenn region.
536 : A crystal ball that was excavated from the ground. It’s a very beautiful stone that is covered with bits of rock and earth.
537 : A mysterious scale that causes a certain Pokémon to evolve. It shines in rainbow colors.
538 : A mysterious Evolutionary lump. When held by a Pokémon that can still evolve, it raises both Defense and Sp. Def.
539 : An item to be held by a Pokémon. This very light stone reduces the weight of a Pokémon when held.
540 : An item to be held by a Pokémon. If the holder is hit, the attacker will also be damaged upon contact.
541 : An item to be held by a Pokémon. The holder will float in the air until hit. Once hit, this item will burst.
542 : An item to be held by a Pokémon. When the holder is hit by an attack, the attacker is removed from battle.
543 : An item to be held by a Pokémon. Moves that normally have no effect will land on a Pokémon holding it.
544 : An item to be held by a Pokémon. A band that increases the power of binding moves used by the holder.
545 : An item to be held by a Pokémon. It boosts Sp. Atk if hit with a Water-type attack. It can only be used once.
546 : An item to be held by a Pokémon. It boosts Attack if hit with an Electric-type attack. It can only be used once.
547 : An item to be held by a Pokémon. If the holder is hit by an attack, it will be switched out of battle.
548 : A gem with an essence of fire. When held, it strengthens the power of a Fire-type move one time.
549 : A gem with an essence of water. When held, it strengthens the power of a Water-type move one time.
550 : A gem with an essence of electricity. When held, it strengthens the power of an Electric-type move one time.
551 : A gem with an essence of nature. When held, it strengthens the power of a Grass-type move one time.
552 : A gem with an essence of ice. When held, it strengthens the power of an Ice-type move one time.
553 : A gem with an essence of combat. When held, it strengthens the power of a Fighting-type move one time.
554 : A gem with an essence of poison. When held, it strengthens the power of a Poison-type move one time.
555 : A gem with an essence of land. When held, it strengthens the power of a Ground-type move one time.
556 : A gem with an essence of air. When held, it strengthens the power of a Flying-type move one time.
557 : A gem with an essence of the mind. When held, it strengthens the power of a Psychic-type move one time.
558 : A gem with an insect-like essence. When held, it strengthens the power of a Bug-type move one time.
559 : A gem with an essence of rock. When held, it strengthens the power of a Rock-type move one time.
560 : A gem with a spectral essence. When held, it strengthens the power of a Ghost-type move one time.
561 : A gem with a draconic essence. When held, it strengthens the power of a Dragon-type move one time.
562 : A gem with an essence of darkness. When held, it strengthens the power of a Dark-type move one time.
563 : A gem with an essence of steel. When held, it strengthens the power of a Steel-type move one time.
564 : A gem with an ordinary essence. When held, it strengthens the power of a Normal-type move one time.
565 : An item for use on a Pokémon. It slightly increases the base HP of a single Pokémon.
566 : An item for use on a Pokémon. It slightly increases the base Attack stat of a single Pokémon.
567 : An item for use on a Pokémon. It slightly increases the base Defense stat of a single Pokémon.
568 : An item for use on a Pokémon. It slightly increases the base Sp. Atk stat of a single Pokémon.
569 : An item for use on a Pokémon. It slightly increases the base Sp. Def stat of a single Pokémon.
570 : An item for use on a Pokémon. It slightly increases the base Speed stat of a single Pokémon.
571 : Though this feather is beautiful, it’s just a regular feather and has no effect on Pokémon.
572 : A fossil from a prehistoric Pokémon that once lived in the sea. It appears as though it could be part of its back.
573 : A fossil from a prehistoric Pokémon that once lived in the sky. It looks as if it could come from part of its wing.
574 : A special pass to go to Liberty Garden. Board the ship in Castelia City.
575 : A mysterious orb containing the power of the Unova region, to be used when generating Pass Power.
576 : A special Poké Ball that appears in your Bag out of nowhere in the Entree Forest. It can catch any Pokémon.
577 : A toy that attracts the attention of a Pokémon. It guarantees escape from any battle with wild Pokémon.
578 : A lovely case to store colorful Props for your Pokémon to wear in a musical.
579 : A skull of a Pokémon that was said to have braved the angry waters to fly around the world.
580 : A rare mushroom that gives off a nice fragrance. It can be sold at a high price to shops.
581 : A big nugget of pure gold that gives off a lustrous gleam. It can be sold at a high price to shops.
582 : Very large pearls that sparkle in a pretty silver color. They can be sold at a high price to shops.
583 : A shard that fell to the ground when a comet approached. It can be sold at a high price to shops.
584 : A copper coin used by an ancient civilization about 3,000 years ago.
585 : A silver coin used by an ancient civilization about 3,000 years ago.
586 : A gold coin used by an ancient civilization about 3,000 years ago.
587 : A fragile vase made by an ancient civilization about 3,000 years ago.
588 : A heavy bracelet made by an ancient civilization about 3,000 years ago.
589 : A stone figurine made by an ancient civilization about 3,000 years ago.
590 : A heavy crown made by an ancient civilization about 3,000 years ago.
591 : Castelia City’s specialty, soft-serve ice cream. It can be used once to heal all the status conditions of a Pokémon.
592 : It can be used many times to raise the critical-hit ratio of one Pokémon. It wears off if the Pokémon is withdrawn.
593 : It sharply raises the Speed stat of a Pokémon in battle. It wears off if the Pokémon is withdrawn.
594 : It sharply raises the Sp. Atk stat of a Pokémon in battle. It wears off if the Pokémon is withdrawn.
595 : It sharply raises the Sp. Def stat of a Pokémon in battle. It wears off if the Pokémon is withdrawn.
596 : It sharply raises the Defense stat of a Pokémon in battle. It wears off if the Pokémon is withdrawn.
597 : It sharply raises the Attack stat of a Pokémon in battle. It wears off if the Pokémon is withdrawn.
598 : It sharply raises the accuracy of a Pokémon in battle. It wears off if the Pokémon is withdrawn.
599 : It drastically raises the Speed stat of a Pokémon in battle. It wears off if the Pokémon is withdrawn.
600 : It drastically raises the Sp. Atk stat of a Pokémon in battle. It wears off if the Pokémon is withdrawn.
601 : It drastically raises the Sp. Def stat of a Pokémon in battle. It wears off if the Pokémon is withdrawn.
602 : It drastically raises the Defense stat of a Pokémon in battle. It wears off if the Pokémon is withdrawn.
603 : It drastically raises the Attack stat of a Pokémon in battle. It wears off if the Pokémon is withdrawn.
604 : It drastically raises the accuracy of a Pokémon in battle. It wears off if the Pokémon is withdrawn.
605 : It raises the Speed stat of a Pokémon in battle immensely. It wears off if the Pokémon is withdrawn.
606 : It raises the Sp. Atk stat of a Pokémon in battle immensely. It wears off if the Pokémon is withdrawn.
607 : It raises the Sp. Def stat of a Pokémon in battle immensely. It wears off if the Pokémon is withdrawn.
608 : It raises the Defense stat of a Pokémon in battle immensely. It wears off if the Pokémon is withdrawn.
609 : It raises the Attack stat of a Pokémon in battle immensely. It wears off if the Pokémon is withdrawn.
610 : It raises the accuracy of a Pokémon in battle immensely. It wears off if the Pokémon is withdrawn.
611 : When used, it activates the Ability of an ally Pokémon.
612 : When used, it causes an ally Pokémon to drop a held item.
613 : When used, it causes an ally Pokémon to use its held item.
614 : When used, it restores any stat changes of an ally Pokémon.
615 : It can be used many times to greatly raise a Pokémon’s critical-hit ratio. It wears off if the Pokémon is withdrawn.
616 : Reshiram’s body was destroyed and changed into this stone. It is said to be waiting for the emergence of a hero.
617 : Zekrom’s body was destroyed and changed into this stone. It is said to be waiting for the emergence of a hero.
618 : The user shrouds itself in electricity and smashes into its target. This also damages the user a little.
619 : The user attacks everything around it by swamping its surroundings with a giant wave.
620 : The user yells as if it’s ranting about something, which lowers the Sp. Atk stat of opposing Pokémon.
621 : A high-tech transceiver with a camera function. It allows up to four-way calls.
622 : A rare stone.
623 : An important letter that Wingull delivers.
624 : An important letter that Wingull delivers.
625 : An important letter that Wingull delivers.
626 : A high-tech transceiver with a camera function. It allows up to four-way calls.
627 : A box-shaped machine that stores Medals and Medal information.
628 : A splicer that fuses Kyurem and a certain Pokémon. They are said to have been one in the beginning.
629 : A splicer that separates Kyurem and a certain Pokémon when they have been fused.
630 : A permit that is needed to enter the Nature Preserve. Not many know about it.
631 : An oval charm said to increase the chance of Pokémon Eggs being found at the Nursery.
632 : A shiny charm said to increase the chance of finding a Shiny Pokémon in the wild.
633 : A card key needed to enter the password inside the Plasma Frigate.
634 : A handkerchief dropped by a regular at Café Warehouse. It smells faintly like a Pokémon.
635 : A special device that wrings out the potential of Pokémon. It’s an imperfect prototype.
636 : The Xtransceiver found at the Nimbasa City amusement park. It seems it belongs to a boy.
637 : The Xtransceiver found at the Nimbasa City amusement park. It seems it belongs to a girl.
638 : A looking glass that reveals the truth. It’s a mysterious glass that returns a Pokémon to its original shape.
639 : An item to be held by a Pokémon. Attack and Sp. Atk sharply increase if the holder is hit with a move it’s weak to.
640 : An item to be held by a Pokémon. This offensive vest raises Sp. Def but prevents the use of status moves.
641 : A device that allows users to receive and view hologram clips at any time. It’s also used to chat with others.
642 : A letter that Professor Sycamore wrote to your mother. A faint but pleasant perfume seems to cling to the paper.
643 : Attaches roller skates to the bottom of your shoes, allowing you to glide quickly around and perform tricks.
644 : An item to be held by a Pokémon. It’s a stone tablet that boosts the power of Fairy-type moves.
645 : A capsule that allows a Pokémon with two Abilities to switch between these Abilities when it is used.
646 : A soft and sweet treat made of fluffy, puffy, whipped, and whirled cream. It’s loved by a certain Pokémon.
647 : A sachet filled with fragrant perfumes that are just slightly too overwhelming. Yet it’s loved by a certain Pokémon.
648 : An item to be held by a Pokémon. It boosts Sp. Def if hit with a Water-type attack. It can only be used once.
649 : An item to be held by a Pokémon. It boosts Attack if hit with an Ice-type attack. It can only be used once.
650 : An item to be held by a Pokémon. These goggles protect the holder from both weather-related damage and powder.
651 : A flute that can play with such a beautiful tone that even sleeping Pokémon find themselves roused.
652 : A fertilizer for growing Berries. However, it appears to be unsuitable for the soil in the Hoenn region and has no effect.
653 : A fertilizer for growing Berries. However, it appears to be unsuitable for the soil in the Hoenn region and has no effect.
654 : A fertilizer for growing Berries. However, it appears to be unsuitable for the soil in the Hoenn region and has no effect.
655 : A fertilizer for growing Berries. However, it appears to be unsuitable for the soil in the Hoenn region and has no effect.
656 : One of a variety of mysterious Mega Stones. Have Gengar hold it, and this stone will enable it to Mega Evolve during battle.
657 : One of a variety of mysterious Mega Stones. Have Gardevoir hold it, and this stone will enable it to Mega Evolve during battle.
658 : One of a variety of mysterious Mega Stones. Have Ampharos hold it, and this stone will enable it to Mega Evolve during battle.
659 : One of a variety of mysterious Mega Stones. Have Venusaur hold it, and this stone will enable it to Mega Evolve during battle.
660 : One of a variety of mysterious Mega Stones. Have Charizard hold it, and this stone will enable it to Mega Evolve during battle.
661 : One of a variety of mysterious Mega Stones. Have Blastoise hold it, and this stone will enable it to Mega Evolve during battle.
662 : One of a variety of mysterious Mega Stones. Have Mewtwo hold it, and this stone will enable it to Mega Evolve during battle.
663 : One of a variety of mysterious Mega Stones. Have Mewtwo hold it, and this stone will enable it to Mega Evolve during battle.
664 : One of a variety of mysterious Mega Stones. Have Blaziken hold it, and this stone will enable it to Mega Evolve during battle.
665 : One of a variety of mysterious Mega Stones. Have Medicham hold it, and this stone will enable it to Mega Evolve during battle.
666 : One of a variety of mysterious Mega Stones. Have Houndoom hold it, and this stone will enable it to Mega Evolve during battle.
667 : One of a variety of mysterious Mega Stones. Have Aggron hold it, and this stone will enable it to Mega Evolve during battle.
668 : One of a variety of mysterious Mega Stones. Have Banette hold it, and this stone will enable it to Mega Evolve during battle.
669 : One of a variety of mysterious Mega Stones. Have Tyranitar hold it, and this stone will enable it to Mega Evolve during battle.
670 : One of a variety of mysterious Mega Stones. Have Scizor hold it, and this stone will enable it to Mega Evolve during battle.
671 : One of a variety of mysterious Mega Stones. Have Pinsir hold it, and this stone will enable it to Mega Evolve during battle.
672 : One of a variety of mysterious Mega Stones. Have Aerodactyl hold it, and this stone will enable it to Mega Evolve during battle.
673 : One of a variety of mysterious Mega Stones. Have Lucario hold it, and this stone will enable it to Mega Evolve during battle.
674 : One of a variety of mysterious Mega Stones. Have Abomasnow hold it, and this stone will enable it to Mega Evolve during battle.
675 : One of a variety of mysterious Mega Stones. Have Kangaskhan hold it, and this stone will enable it to Mega Evolve during battle.
676 : One of a variety of mysterious Mega Stones. Have Gyarados hold it, and this stone will enable it to Mega Evolve during battle.
677 : One of a variety of mysterious Mega Stones. Have Absol hold it, and this stone will enable it to Mega Evolve during battle.
678 : One of a variety of mysterious Mega Stones. Have Charizard hold it, and this stone will enable it to Mega Evolve during battle.
679 : One of a variety of mysterious Mega Stones. Have Alakazam hold it, and this stone will enable it to Mega Evolve during battle.
680 : One of a variety of mysterious Mega Stones. Have Heracross hold it, and this stone will enable it to Mega Evolve during battle.
681 : One of a variety of mysterious Mega Stones. Have Mawile hold it, and this stone will enable it to Mega Evolve during battle.
682 : One of a variety of mysterious Mega Stones. Have Manectric hold it, and this stone will enable it to Mega Evolve during battle.
683 : One of a variety of mysterious Mega Stones. Have Garchomp hold it, and this stone will enable it to Mega Evolve during battle.
684 : One of a variety of mysterious Mega Stones. Have Latias hold it, and this stone will enable it to Mega Evolve during battle.
685 : One of a variety of mysterious Mega Stones. Have Latios hold it, and this stone will enable it to Mega Evolve during battle.
686 : If held by a Pokémon, this Berry will lessen the damage taken from one supereffective Fairy-type attack.
687 : If held by a Pokémon, this Berry will increase the holder’s Defense if it’s hit with a physical move.
688 : If held by a Pokémon, this Berry will increase the holder’s Sp. Def if it’s hit with a special move.
689 : A watering can shaped like a Lotad. It helps promote the healthy growth of any Berries planted in good, soft soil.
690 : This attack makes use of nature’s power. Its effects vary depending on the user’s environment.
691 : The user releases a horrible aura imbued with dark thoughts. This may also make the target flinch.
692 : The user charges at the target and may make it flinch.
693 : The user damages opposing Pokémon by emitting a powerful flash.
694 : The user tells the target a secret, and the target loses its ability to concentrate. This lowers the target’s Sp. Atk stat.
695 : This pass serves as an ID card for gaining access to the power plant that lies along Route 13.
696 : This ring contains an untold power that somehow enables Pokémon carrying Mega Stones to Mega Evolve in battle.
697 : A rather curious stone that might appear valuable to some. It’s all in the eye of the beholder.
698 : A perfectly normal stone that might appear to be valuable to some. It’s all in the eye of the beholder.
699 : This special coupon allows you to buy items at a discount when you are shopping at a boutique.
700 : A card key that activates the elevator in Lysandre Labs. It is emblazoned with Team Flare’s logo.
701 : A commuter pass that allows the holder to ride the TMV between Lumiose City and Kiloude City at any time.
702 : A precious symbol that is awarded only to an individual who has done great things for the Kalos region.
703 : This book contains all the points a new Trainer needs to know on a journey. It was handmade by a kind friend.
704 : An ornament depicting a mysterious Pokémon that has been venerated as a guardian deity for an extremely long time in the Alola region.
705 : A rather chic-looking case for carrying contact lenses.
706 : A rather chic-looking case for carrying lipsticks.
707 : A light and yet incredibly effective trunk, which can contain every last piece of clothing that can be bought.
708 : A popular treat in Lumiose City. It can be used once to heal all the status conditions of a Pokémon.
709 : Shalour City’s famous shortbread. It can be used once to heal all the status conditions of a Pokémon.
710 : A fossil from a prehistoric Pokémon that once lived on the land. It looks as if it could be a piece of a large jaw.
711 : A fossil from a prehistoric Pokémon that once lived on the land. It looks like the impression from a skin sail.
712 : A ticket that was handmade by Looker. It’s decorated with a liberal amount of glittery paint.
713 : A folding Bike that enables a rider to get around much faster than with Running Shoes.
714 : A device that allows users to receive and view hologram clips at any time. It’s also used to chat with others.
715 : A gem with an essence of the fey. When held, it strengthens the power of a Fairy-type move one time.
716 : This charm contains an untold power that somehow enables Pokémon carrying Mega Stones to Mega Evolve in battle.
717 : This glove contains an untold power that somehow enables Pokémon carrying Mega Stones to Mega Evolve in battle.
718 : This folding Bike more than doubles your movement speed.
719 : This folding Bike allows you to perform actions such as wheelies and bunny hops.
720 : This is a tool for watering Berries you planted to make them grow more quickly.
721 : A case that contains mechanical parts of some sort made by the Devon Corporation.
722 : A sack used to gather and hold volcanic ash.
723 : The key to New Mauville, which was constructed beneath Mauville City.
724 : A set containing a Berry Blender for making Pokéblocks and a Pokéblock Case for storing Pokéblocks.
725 : An extremely important letter to Steven from the President of Devon Corporation.
726 : The ticket required for sailing on a ferry to the Southern Island. Does Norman, the Petalburg Gym Leader, know a secret?!
727 : A device found inside Sea Mauville.
728 : Nifty goggles to protect eyes from desert sandstorms.
729 : A Meteorite originally found at Meteor Falls. You got it at Mt. Chimney.
730 : A key that opens a door inside Sea Mauville.
731 : A key that opens a door inside Sea Mauville.
732 : A key that opens a door inside Sea Mauville.
733 : A key that opens a door inside Sea Mauville.
734 : A key that opens the storage hold inside Sea Mauville.
735 : A special device made by Devon Corporation that signals the presence of any unseen Pokémon.
736 : Ticket required for sailing on a ferry.
737 : Diving on the first turn, the user floats up and attacks on the next turn.
738 : A device made by Devon Corporation that provides oxygen to users during the use of Dive.
739 : A very cool suit to be worn during the Contest Spectacular.
740 : A very cute dress to be worn during the Contest Spectacular.
741 : A suit made with the collective technological know-how of Team Magma. It can withstand any impact.
742 : A suit made with the collective technological know-how of Team Aqua. It can withstand any impact.
743 : Tickets for two to the astronomical show being held at the Mossdeep Space Center.
744 : This cuff contains an untold power that somehow enables Pokémon carrying a Mega Stone to Mega Evolve in battle.
745 : This necklace contains an untold power that somehow enables Pokémon carrying a Mega Stone to Mega Evolve in battle.
746 : These glasses contain an untold power that somehow enables Pokémon carrying a Mega Stone to Mega Evolve in battle.
747 : This anchor contains an untold power that somehow enables Pokémon carrying a Mega Stone to Mega Evolve in battle.
748 : This stickpin contains an untold power that somehow enables Pokémon carrying a Mega Stone to Mega Evolve in battle.
749 : This tiara contains an untold power that somehow enables Pokémon carrying a Mega Stone to Mega Evolve in battle.
750 : This anklet contains an untold power that somehow enables Pokémon carrying a Mega Stone to Mega Evolve in battle.
751 : A Meteorite that you got at Mt. Chimney. It gives off a faint glow.
752 : One of a variety of mysterious Mega Stones. Have Swampert hold it, and this stone will enable it to Mega Evolve during battle.
753 : One of a variety of mysterious Mega Stones. Have Sceptile hold it, and this stone will enable it to Mega Evolve during battle.
754 : One of a variety of mysterious Mega Stones. Have Sableye hold it, and this stone will enable it to Mega Evolve during battle.
755 : One of a variety of mysterious Mega Stones. Have Altaria hold it, and this stone will enable it to Mega Evolve during battle.
756 : One of a variety of mysterious Mega Stones. Have Gallade hold it, and this stone will enable it to Mega Evolve during battle.
757 : One of a variety of mysterious Mega Stones. Have Audino hold it, and this stone will enable it to Mega Evolve during battle.
758 : One of a variety of mysterious Mega Stones. Have Metagross hold it, and this stone will enable it to Mega Evolve during battle.
759 : One of a variety of mysterious Mega Stones. Have Sharpedo hold it, and this stone will enable it to Mega Evolve during battle.
760 : One of a variety of mysterious Mega Stones. Have Slowbro hold it, and this stone will enable it to Mega Evolve during battle.
761 : One of a variety of mysterious Mega Stones. Have Steelix hold it, and this stone will enable it to Mega Evolve during battle.
762 : One of a variety of mysterious Mega Stones. Have Pidgeot hold it, and this stone will enable it to Mega Evolve during battle.
763 : One of a variety of mysterious Mega Stones. Have Glalie hold it, and this stone will enable it to Mega Evolve during battle.
764 : One of a variety of mysterious Mega Stones. Have Diancie hold it, and this stone will enable it to Mega Evolve during battle.
765 : A bottle believed to have been used to seal away the power of a certain Pokémon long, long ago.
766 : This bracelet contains an untold power that somehow enables Pokémon carrying a Mega Stone to Mega Evolve in battle.
767 : One of a variety of mysterious Mega Stones. Have Camerupt hold it, and this stone will enable it to Mega Evolve during battle.
768 : One of a variety of mysterious Mega Stones. Have Lopunny hold it, and this stone will enable it to Mega Evolve during battle.
769 : One of a variety of mysterious Mega Stones. Have Salamence hold it, and this stone will enable it to Mega Evolve during battle.
770 : One of a variety of mysterious Mega Stones. Have Beedrill hold it, and this stone will enable it to Mega Evolve during battle.
771 : A Meteorite that you got at Mt. Chimney. It continues to give off a faint glow and is slightly warm to the touch.
772 : A Meteorite that you got at Mt. Chimney. Some sort of pattern has risen to the surface, and it’s shining with seven colors of light.
773 : A stone filled with an unexplained power. It makes Pokémon that battle with a Mega Stone Mega Evolve.
774 : One of the fragments of a Meteorite from Granite Cave. It’s faintly warm to the touch.
775 : A flute that can be used to summon Latios or Latias no matter where you are.
776 : This is a crystallized form of Z-Power. It upgrades Normal-type moves to Z-Moves.
777 : This is a crystallized form of Z-Power. It upgrades Fire-type moves to Z-Moves.
778 : This is a crystallized form of Z-Power. It upgrades Water-type moves to Z-Moves.
779 : This is a crystallized form of Z-Power. It upgrades Electric-type moves to Z-Moves.
780 : This is a crystallized form of Z-Power. It upgrades Grass-type moves to Z-Moves.
781 : This is a crystallized form of Z-Power. It upgrades Ice-type moves to Z-Moves.
782 : This is a crystallized form of Z-Power. It upgrades Fighting-type moves to Z-Moves.
783 : This is a crystallized form of Z-Power. It upgrades Poison-type moves to Z-Moves.
784 : This is a crystallized form of Z-Power. It upgrades Ground-type moves to Z-Moves.
785 : This is a crystallized form of Z-Power. It upgrades Flying-type moves to Z-Moves.
786 : This is a crystallized form of Z-Power. It upgrades Psychic-type moves to Z-Moves.
787 : This is a crystallized form of Z-Power. It upgrades Bug-type moves to Z-Moves.
788 : This is a crystallized form of Z-Power. It upgrades Rock-type moves to Z-Moves.
789 : This is a crystallized form of Z-Power. It upgrades Ghost-type moves to Z-Moves.
790 : This is a crystallized form of Z-Power. It upgrades Dragon-type moves to Z-Moves.
791 : This is a crystallized form of Z-Power. It upgrades Dark-type moves to Z-Moves.
792 : This is a crystallized form of Z-Power. It upgrades Steel-type moves to Z-Moves.
793 : This is a crystallized form of Z-Power. It upgrades Fairy-type moves to Z-Moves.
794 : This is a crystallized form of Z-Power. It upgrades Pikachu’s Volt Tackle to a Z-Move.
795 : A beautiful bottle cap that gives off a silver gleam. Some people are happy to receive one.
796 : A beautiful bottle cap that gives off a golden gleam. Some people are happy to receive one.
797 : A mysterious ring that enables Pokémon to use Z-Power. It requires both the willpower and the physical power of the Trainer wearing it.
798 : This is a crystallized form of Z-Power. It upgrades Decidueye’s Spirit Shackle to a Z-Move.
799 : This is a crystallized form of Z-Power. It upgrades Incineroar’s Darkest Lariat to a Z-Move.
800 : This is a crystallized form of Z-Power. It upgrades Primarina’s Sparkling Aria to a Z-Move.
801 : This is a crystallized form of Z-Power. It upgrades the tapu’s Nature’s Madness to a Z-Move.
802 : This is a crystallized form of Z-Power. It upgrades Marshadow’s Spectral Thief to a Z-Move.
803 : This is a crystallized form of Z-Power. It upgrades Alolan Raichu’s Thunderbolt to a Z-Move.
804 : This is a crystallized form of Z-Power. It upgrades Snorlax’s Giga Impact to a Z-Move.
805 : This is a crystallized form of Z-Power. It upgrades Eevee’s Last Resort to a Z-Move.
806 : This is a crystallized form of Z-Power. It upgrades Mew’s Psychic to a Z-Move.
807 : It converts Z-Power into crystals that upgrade Normal-type moves to Normal-type Z-Moves.
808 : It converts Z-Power into crystals that upgrade Fire-type moves to Fire-type Z-Moves.
809 : It converts Z-Power into crystals that upgrade Water-type moves to Water-type Z-Moves.
810 : It converts Z-Power into crystals that upgrade Electric-type moves to Electric-type Z-Moves.
811 : It converts Z-Power into crystals that upgrade Grass-type moves to Grass-type Z-Moves.
812 : It converts Z-Power into crystals that upgrade Ice-type moves to Ice-type Z-Moves.
813 : It converts Z-Power into crystals that upgrade Fighting-type moves to Fighting-type Z-Moves.
814 : It converts Z-Power into crystals that upgrade Poison-type moves to Poison-type Z-Moves.
815 : It converts Z-Power into crystals that upgrade Ground-type moves to Ground-type Z-Moves.
816 : It converts Z-Power into crystals that upgrade Flying-type moves to Flying-type Z-Moves.
817 : It converts Z-Power into crystals that upgrade Psychic-type moves to Psychic-type Z-Moves.
818 : It converts Z-Power into crystals that upgrade Bug-type moves to Bug-type Z-Moves.
819 : It converts Z-Power into crystals that upgrade Rock-type moves to Rock-type Z-Moves.
820 : It converts Z-Power into crystals that upgrade Ghost-type moves to Ghost-type Z-Moves.
821 : It converts Z-Power into crystals that upgrade Dragon-type moves to Dragon-type Z-Moves.
822 : It converts Z-Power into crystals that upgrade Dark-type moves to Dark-type Z-Moves.
823 : It converts Z-Power into crystals that upgrade Steel-type moves to Steel-type Z-Moves.
824 : It converts Z-Power into crystals that upgrade Fairy-type moves to Fairy-type Z-Moves.
825 : It converts Z-Power into crystals that upgrade Pikachu’s Volt Tackle to an exclusive Z-Move.
826 : It converts Z-Power into crystals that upgrade Decidueye’s Spirit Shackle to an exclusive Z-Move.
827 : It converts Z-Power into crystals that upgrade Incineroar’s Darkest Lariat to an exclusive Z-Move.
828 : It converts Z-Power into crystals that upgrade Primarina’s Sparkling Aria to an exclusive Z-Move.
829 : It converts Z-Power into crystals that upgrade the tapu’s Nature’s Madness to an exclusive Z-Move.
830 : It converts Z-Power into crystals that upgrade Marshadow’s Spectral Thief to an exclusive Z-Move.
831 : It converts Z-Power into crystals that upgrade Alolan Raichu’s Thunderbolt to an exclusive Z-Move.
832 : It converts Z-Power into crystals that upgrade Snorlax’s Giga Impact to an exclusive Z-Move.
833 : It converts Z-Power into crystals that upgrade Eevee’s Last Resort to an exclusive Z-Move.
834 : It converts Z-Power into crystals that upgrade Mew’s Psychic to an exclusive Z-Move.
835 : It converts Z-Power into crystals that upgrade a Thunderbolt by Pikachu in a cap to an exclusive Z-Move.
836 : This is a crystallized form of Z-Power. It upgrades a Thunderbolt by Pikachu in a cap to a Z-Move.
837 : - - -
838 : - - -
839 : - - -
840 : - - -
841 : A bag to carry ingredients gathered during Mallow’s trial in the jungle.
842 : A Fishing Rod made by Captain Lana. Cast a line over piles of underwater rocks to fish for wild aquatic Pokémon.
843 : The mask that belongs to The Masked Royal.  This pro wrestler apparently sews his mask on a machine himself.
844 : A ticket that allows you to host a mission in Festival Plaza.
845 : A stone entrusted by a Pokémon that has been venerated as a guardian deity in the Alola region. There is said to be some secret in how it sparkles.
846 : Using it makes wild Pokémon more likely to call for help. If held by a Pokémon, it boosts Speed when intimidated. It can be used only once.
847 : An item to store Zygarde Cores and Cells. You can also use it to teach Zygarde moves.
848 : - - -
849 : A peculiar stone that can make certain species of Pokémon evolve. It has an unmistakable snowflake pattern.
850 : By entering certain numbers on this pager, you can summon Ride Pokémon in an instant.
851 : A special Poké Ball designed to catch Ultra Beasts. It has a low success rate for catching others.
852 : The Alola region’s local specialty—fried bread. It can be used once to heal all the status conditions of a Pokémon.
853 : A flower nectar obtained at Ula’ula Meadow. It changes the form of certain species of Pokémon.
854 : A flower nectar obtained at Melemele Meadow. It changes the form of certain species of Pokémon.
855 : The flower nectar obtained at the flowering shrubs on Royal Avenue. It changes the form of certain species of Pokémon.
856 : A flower nectar obtained at Poni Meadow. It changes the form of certain species of Pokémon.
857 : It is said that the tones it produces were offered up as an expression of gratitude to the Legendary Pokémon of the sun.
858 : It is said that the tones it produces were offered up as an expression of gratitude to the Legendary Pokémon of the moon.
859 : - - -
860 : A mysterious card. Written on it is a request for you to go to a guest room in an Akala motel on Route 8.
861 : - - -
862 : - - -
863 : - - -
864 : - - -
865 : - - -
866 : - - -
867 : - - -
868 : - - -
869 : - - -
870 : - - -
871 : - - -
872 : - - -
873 : - - -
874 : - - -
875 : - - -
876 : - - -
877 : - - -
878 : - - -
879 : An item to be held by a Pokémon. It extends the duration of the terrain caused by the holder’s move or Ability.
880 : An item to be held by a Pokémon. These pads protect the holder from effects caused by making direct contact with the target.
881 : An item to be held by a Pokémon. It boosts Defense on Electric Terrain. It can only be used once.
882 : An item to be held by a Pokémon. It boosts Sp. Def on Psychic Terrain. It can only be used once.
883 : An item to be held by a Pokémon. It boosts Sp. Def on Misty Terrain. It can only be used once.
884 : An item to be held by a Pokémon. It boosts Defense on Grassy Terrain. It can only be used once.
885 : - - -
886 : - - -
887 : - - -
888 : - - -
889 : - - -
890 : - - -
891 : - - -
892 : - - -
893 : - - -
894 : - - -
895 : - - -
896 : - - -
897 : - - -
898 : - - -
899 : - - -
900 : - - -
901 : - - -
902 : - - -
903 : - - -
904 : A memory disc that contains Fighting-type data. It changes the type of the holder if held by a certain species of Pokémon.
905 : A memory disc that contains Flying-type data. It changes the type of the holder if held by a certain species of Pokémon.
906 : A memory disc that contains Poison-type data. It changes the type of the holder if held by a certain species of Pokémon.
907 : A memory disc that contains Ground-type data. It changes the type of the holder if held by a certain species of Pokémon.
908 : A memory disc that contains Rock-type data. It changes the type of the holder if held by a certain species of Pokémon.
909 : A memory disc that contains Bug-type data. It changes the type of the holder if held by a certain species of Pokémon.
910 : A memory disc that contains Ghost-type data. It changes the type of the holder if held by a certain species of Pokémon.
911 : A memory disc that contains Steel-type data. It changes the type of the holder if held by a certain species of Pokémon.
912 : A memory disc that contains Fire-type data. It changes the type of the holder if held by a certain species of Pokémon.
913 : A memory disc that contains Water-type data. It changes the type of the holder if held by a certain species of Pokémon.
914 : A memory disc that contains Grass-type data. It changes the type of the holder if held by a certain species of Pokémon.
915 : A memory disc that contains Electric-type data. It changes the type of the holder if held by a certain species of Pokémon.
916 : A memory disc that contains Psychic-type data. It changes the type of the holder if held by a certain species of Pokémon.
917 : A memory disc that contains Ice-type data. It changes the type of the holder if held by a certain species of Pokémon.
918 : A memory disc that contains Dragon-type data. It changes the type of the holder if held by a certain species of Pokémon.
919 : A memory disc that contains Dark-type data. It changes the type of the holder if held by a certain species of Pokémon.
920 : A memory disc that contains Fairy-type data. It changes the type of the holder if held by a certain species of Pokémon.
