story line 1: Team Toxic takes over the mall.
sub story line 1: You find a mysterious foe, a possible legendary perhaps.
story line 2: Team Toxic takes over the next city after the ice cave. They state they will find the legendary that supposively defeated the champion all of those years ago.
sub story line 2: Rival reveals things about his past that makes the player feel for him a small bit.
story line 3: Take the bicycle road with your new bike to a new city.
sub story line 3: You meet a man named Roman, he gives you a useful item and talks about how he wants to stop Team Toxic.
story line 4: You are confronted by a deliverboy who says that you got a message from the professor. You need to return to the new lab.
sub story line: the profesor give you surf.
story line 5: A violent earth quake happens! 
sub storyline: Travel through the waters to get to the next town.
storyline 6: Rumors going around that Team Toxic may have found the once myth legendary and captured it.
sub storyline: Get the 5th and 6th gym badges. The 6th being on a local island.
storyline 7: After the 6th gym, Roman tells you that Team Toxic is off on another secret island with the legendary.
sub storyline: You and your rival battle through the hideout and you walk into the room. The legendary charged up and escaped the hideout!
storyline 8: Roman tells you that you need to focus on your last two badges. Your rival states that he already has them and goes with Roman.
sub storyline: You find the last gym to be a double gym of two feternal twins, each with different types and there own gym badges. You fight them in a tough double battle.
storyline 9: A violent earthquake happens again and your rival was captured and taken into a cave.
sub storyline: The legendary apporaches you and Roman. Roman gets scared and admits he was the former champion who was defeated.
sub storyline: The legendary battles you to see if you are worthy. You win the battle and the Legendary becomes yours.
storyline 10: You enter the cave, defeat the Team Toxic leader, and save your rival.
storyline 11: Return home and you are given a map and a fly, you fly to the last part of the map.
sub storyline: The last part of the map is the elite four.
storyline 12: You defeat the elite four and become champion. Also, your rival is the current champion. You defeat him and become champion.
The End.
storyline 13: FREE DLC? Additional Consideration Needed.
